{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1734444098779,"end_time":1734444102744,"speaker":{"name":"Daboul, Bisher (UAE)"},"words":"So I'm just going to paste that across for you guys to plug in."},{"start_time":1734444104478,"end_time":1734444105353,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay. Thank you very much."},{"start_time":1734444135573,"end_time":1734444155049,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Hi guys. Hi. I think Muhammad is in a different meeting."},{"start_time":1734444155049,"end_time":1734444179584,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"We have a practice month So I'm going to take the lead on the leave plan once again. The rest of the GoSCM team."},{"start_time":1734444179584,"end_time":1734444187308,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Rocio, are we expecting anyone else to join?"},{"start_time":1734444187308,"end_time":1734444241119,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Let's start with our team, and then whenever GoSCM joins, we can continue the discussion. This is the latest plan that we have, which we're assuming is updated. That's the leaf tracker. The main concern here is to make sure that we have a certain degree of overlap in each of the streams. I noticed, Shehroz, that you're with us, yes? Yes, I'm on the call. OK. That this might get extended do you know when until when this happens so I'm anyways rolling off end of december which is fine yeah which is fine but for any questions that might arise I will answer them is my"},{"start_time":1734444241119,"end_time":1734444254173,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"main concern not whether you're on the project or not but I'll be I'll be back uh and I'll be there for first gen you will be the first gen or 30th gen 30th gen I'll be back actually fine so"},{"start_time":1734444254173,"end_time":1734444276565,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"30th december sorry that's okay so the question here then since Fakhoury is also on leave in that period. So if any process questions come up, how do we ensure that there's some response from the process team? That's again, we've mentioned this a month ago that we need some overlap. So how does this work? Let's say, and it's unlikely, but let's say it happens."},{"start_time":1734444276565,"end_time":1734444288044,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"If it happens, I'll be available, not a problem. Me and Mo both will be available. If there's anything, we can take care of it."},{"start_time":1734444288044,"end_time":1734444293081,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Okay, fine. But otherwise, this schedule looks okay to you?"},{"start_time":1734444293081,"end_time":1734444293585,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734444293585,"end_time":1734444304666,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Okay, fine. We have Kyle, Nikita, anyone from CN? Sorry, hang on, let me check. Nikita's here. Nikita, are you with us?"},{"start_time":1734444310107,"end_time":1734444341735,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Okay, so do you mind please confirming that this is the latest and that's not gonna change with you I'm with you. I was looking It's okay. So we know it is on leave fine Nikita Kyle be sure none of you are planning any leaves in the foreseeable future This is the concerning period, okay fine I Thank you. Rocio, are you with us?"},{"start_time":1734444341735,"end_time":1734444343116,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Still no Rocio?"},{"start_time":1734444343116,"end_time":1734444367148,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Okay, is there anyone from GoSCM that can answer this? Sebastian, maybe? Yeah, sorry, can you repeat the question? Yeah, I just want to validate the leaves for GoSCM, so for this period, especially around Christmas, I just want to make sure that this is not going to get updated all of a sudden."},{"start_time":1734444367148,"end_time":1734444374957,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So this is the reality, right? Reinaldo will be out and I think that's it. And of course the 25th is holiday."},{"start_time":1734444374957,"end_time":1734444394095,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"I don't expect anyone to be, you know, that's fine. Reinaldo is the only person who's out for that period. So the rest is okay by you. Sebastian is out for that week. Does this extend into January, Sebastian, or is this only for the Only for December."},{"start_time":1734444394095,"end_time":1734444394448,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734444394448,"end_time":1734444416705,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So actually Hadi, that's a valid point. Sorry, I joined late. The ones you covered, do we have an answer on Jan? At least the first week? Because we just knew by chance that Fakhoury is actually also has a few days in January. So at least for now, for the first week, let's have visibility. And then we'll get two months after."},{"start_time":1734444416705,"end_time":1734444424750,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"So I know Shehroz stops here, but then Fakhoury, I don't know how long into January you're off, so maybe you might validate that."},{"start_time":1734444424750,"end_time":1734444435568,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"But even also Bastian's reply is that for December that's the answer, for Jan it might be different, so I think for everyone we need to get the same, at least quickly on this one."},{"start_time":1734444435568,"end_time":1734444447003,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Yeah, this is an email that will go out, but I just wanted to make sure that for this period here, which is critical, we'll need this overlap. So Fakhoury, how much into Jan is this happening?"},{"start_time":1734444447003,"end_time":1734444448858,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"I'll be back on the 6th."},{"start_time":1734444450063,"end_time":1734444452015,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"back on the 6th."},{"start_time":1734444452015,"end_time":1734444467138,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"But I spoke to change management, so I will be available for next week. So if there's any... Okay, thank you. That's fine. For the impact assessment, so yeah. Thank you."},{"start_time":1734444467138,"end_time":1734444496657,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Alright, so this is the view. Alright. Generally, Mohamed, I think we should be okay. The only person who is on leave is Reinaldo technically, who's part of the GuaCM team. The rest, I think we can manage. Santosh and Ubav, I don't suspect we will need them. Shehroz and Fakhoury both can be available if needed to ensure there's coverage on the process team, in case we need it, obviously."},{"start_time":1734444496657,"end_time":1734444500824,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"And I'm not working. I'm free. I'm working on the 23rd."},{"start_time":1734444500824,"end_time":1734444547073,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Oh, so this is not a leave day? No, it's a working day. Okay, okay, fine. All right, so generally I think we should be okay. Again, I don't suspect any major activity. The only concern that I have is the milestone that is due end of the month. So I want us to make sure before the 23rd, so before next week, that we're very comfortable in the closure of the milestone, which is directly tied to the wave one solution design documents.\n\n So if we're able to close those by the end of the week, then I'm not worried about this downtime that we have. But if we're not able to get those approval by the end of the week, then this downtime week from the 23rd to the 30th is going to be very important."},{"start_time":1734444547073,"end_time":1734444550940,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Otherwise, we miss the milestone, which I'm really, really, really planning."},{"start_time":1734444550940,"end_time":1734444561837,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Only wave one, Hadi? Or when is wave two? Later in Feb. Wave one. So if you recall, the milestone for December only includes wave one documents and the stakeholder assessment."},{"start_time":1734444561837,"end_time":1734444562540,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah, sorry."},{"start_time":1734444562540,"end_time":1734444592833,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"For some Maybe on this point just a quick question guys. Will we have two SDDs or it will be one? Just a quick answer Kunal if you're on the call If needed we'll go into details later, but just as out of curiosity one or two SDDs See, for IBP, we will be having only one SDD."},{"start_time":1734444592833,"end_time":1734444603285,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"But as per the Kharia's comment, because of the DSA, there is a changing on S4 HANA side. So, we need to update on existing SDD. So, it should be done by Kaiser."},{"start_time":1734444603285,"end_time":1734444603602,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734444603602,"end_time":1734444610570,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So, let's discuss this one. Hadi, it's done. I thought it's a simple yes or no. Okay, thanks. Hadi, back to you."},{"start_time":1734444610570,"end_time":1734444611520,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"I'm done, Hamad."},{"start_time":1734444611520,"end_time":1734444793176,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So, if you want to cover this now, you can. Okay. So, can you brief us, Kunal? I even briefed Firas. Here and team for whomever didn't attend the weekly status, we highlighted that we have now a total of four weeks, that basically things are dragging. And most importantly, that we don't know if it will be five weeks, et cetera. Even Firas was, we briefed him before the status and during the status update, he supported us.\n\n But his point is this will take forever if we do not put more pressure. By we, definitely he will have to do this because other people will not listen to us. But I think for whomever is interacting directly with Khaled on those things, for example, Firas picked up the phone, talked to Khaja, that was before this weekly status, when we briefed him, and he got him on the call, he said, can you give me this by 2pm?\n\n Now, the problem with this, he did this before, After that, I have a similar case that I would like Kunal to explain, where after two iterations, if I'm not mistaken, December 9, December 11, Khaja now is back with additional feedback. Now, if I want to be nice or understanding, he's trying to help in the next step with the infrastructure and the A18. That's why he's adding feedback. But at the same time, it's not something that should have escaped him.\n\n So why wasn't it shared before? Firas is from the opinion. He said he has other projects that got delayed by almost two months because of this handshaking that is not efficient. Again, he's from Adnok, but he knows there are certain things that are too bureaucratic. So I'm going level of detail so that we keep this, so whomever is doing the technical work, providing the input, the feedback, we need you to stay focused on it.\n\n But from, let's say, it could be Kunal is doing this, or Raoul, depending on who's owning that specific piece, I'm happy to support or Hadi. We need to be more aggressive because we will all be hit by someone who's basically has so many other projects, is just basically taking everything in a very light way and whether this will cost people a week, two, so think of five people involved, each of them instead of doing it in the next hour, they'll do it by tomorrow, multiply this and then we'll end up every single similar checkpoint with a delay.\n\n I'll stop here, this is just to brief everyone on what happened and for us to be us going forward and from now even trying to get info from Khalid on this sort of approval and confirmation. Kunal, would you like to brief us quickly what happened and what does it mean? How many days more? Yeah, yeah, sure Mohamed."},{"start_time":1734444793176,"end_time":1734444852509,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"So, all the points, I see, at least for one hour we discussed with Khadjar. So, Reinaldo was also there along with me. So, we discussed, first we discussed all the points which we have already responded. So, he's also agreed and he he is already closed from over from his side now a couple of points he has added on top of it and which is really valid for the next round of approval from the compliance as well as from the security point of view so he's trying to help by giving us early feedback is that right yeah yeah right absolutely right so because there are a couple of points which are related to security so he today he gave that feedback so Reinaldo We are already working on it and we are trying to close today itself so that we can again send it back to him for approval.\n\n And Faja has also pinged me that once it is done, please let me know so that I can also approve in the system."},{"start_time":1734444852509,"end_time":1734444887651,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"But still we need those other people on infra or EA to get their approval, right? But he's trying to minimize. When it gets to them, how can Khaja support us in obtaining their quick approval? Because it's good that he's helping us, that's I think a good sign, or maybe because Firas called him. But at the same time, even if there is no more feedback, we need to keep pushing so when we finish this and we send it, that next person, the EA person, we need to keep chasing.\n\n It's becoming a bit of an overhead, but I don't think we have another option."},{"start_time":1734444888800,"end_time":1734444918511,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Right, right. So once it gets approval, so in the workflow, whichever is assigned to the next level of approval, he will get the request. And then he will again review the document. So most of the points we have already addressed. So I don't think it will, again, we get the rework because most of the points are already covered by Khaja. Do we have one more level after Khaja or more? I think as per the Khalid, two to three levels are there after the Khaja's approval.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734444923198,"end_time":1734444986635,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"We need to know how many because even today the answer on the status update was confusing. Khaled said group or four or five. And do we need all of four or five approval or not? He said it's just one. Now you're telling me two levels. So again, these are the things and we need to have this full visibility on it. The problem is even sometimes Khaled doesn't know it, so we're trying. We know AdMob is complicated.\n\n Since we've done this, but for different types of documents and deliverables it's different. If you're doing a digital, which we've done, but it's more of a whatever, document for solution comparison, it has a different number. Here it's more mission critical, so that's why it's a bit tricky. Okay, so tomorrow I think we need to double check who is it with. If you said you're working on it, we'll see.\n\n We want to make sure that after that it's not another person and then another person. So when does this SOAP opera end?"},{"start_time":1734444986635,"end_time":1734444996746,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"You see Khalid has raised a request. So he must be having a visibility. What are the different level of approval? So maybe tomorrow we will request Khalid to share the screen."},{"start_time":1734444996746,"end_time":1734445015682,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, exactly. That's why I'm saying tomorrow we'll see. Just like when we got the invoice approved, sorry, or what was it? Yeah, the charter, I think. We saw the whole sequence. If it's visible, let's see. Hopefully it's just like one last step so we can end it this this week."},{"start_time":1734445015682,"end_time":1734445016104,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Sure."},{"start_time":1734445016104,"end_time":1734445055072,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK. For wave one. I was on calls back to back calls, but I didn't see any approvals like yesterday. Yesterday we had one. Am I mistaken or there's nothing? We didn't get any approvals today, but when I we had a chat, he will approve and send it tonight to Asma, the chemicals BPD, and we should- Which is weird, because Yasser's chemicals was sent yesterday. Yes. While the thing sent on Friday, we have two out of three not yet approved, right?\n\n So can we double check tomorrow, please, at SKC2?"},{"start_time":1734445055072,"end_time":1734445063463,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yes, we will- We only saw, that's why we were pushing, we only saw Yasser, we haven't seen Ahmad or Khalifa."},{"start_time":1734445063514,"end_time":1734445090386,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Then asthma is this is also again guys, even if we're perceived as being pushy at this point I think it's fine. People will forgive us later. But if not if we're trying to be Very diplomatic. It seems we already have one month and this one will definitely there will be a change request But we'll go into discussion what we could have prevented versus it's not something we can control. So let's save ourselves this this Hassan.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734445090386,"end_time":1734445097133,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, tomorrow we'll talk to Esma for their other documents. I think Yasser is waiting on Buruj."},{"start_time":1734445097133,"end_time":1734445144488,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"If Raoul is on the call by tomorrow, the three documents from Friday, if we don't get approval over since we have two left, we need to send a reminder saying in this case, we'll assume it's approved. We'll align with Khaled and Firas on it. Even Firas mentioned at one point. So The modus operandi will be no reply means it's a reply and a yes. It could be an email we sent midday. If someone objected, that could trigger them saying, no, no, wait, we'll give you feedback.\n\n Again, I'm trying to use all the tricks I've done before just to stick to some decent timeline. We'll see. And by then, we'd also update you based on our conversation with Asma."},{"start_time":1734445144488,"end_time":1734445148196,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"If she's saying it's coming today, then we probably might."},{"start_time":1734445148196,"end_time":1734445199983,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, exactly. No, I wouldn't do this until we allies. Uh, now for design document off or BPD PPT BRD for wave two. I remember last or one of the recent sessions. Huddles. We said, uh, Arun and Vivek will since they finished the first cut, but they will apply. And I think Bastian said he will brief them on the type of feedback we got for wave they will apply this feedback to beef up BRDBPD so we don't get similar comments and waste time.\n\n Are they, first of all, Arun and Vivek, are they joining our calls or not really? And if not, can we make sure they're on the invite and they're joining us? Because everyone almost on the team is on those huddle, so unless they're not on the invite."},{"start_time":1734445199983,"end_time":1734445205046,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I think they should be in this in this whole human. Yeah, the huddle."},{"start_time":1734445205046,"end_time":1734445224572,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I mean, usually it's good for everyone to meet everyone. Uh, they've been I know they joined a bit joined late and when things move to the second wave, but it's important also for us to get to know them more and them to get to know us. They're not on the call, right?"},{"start_time":1734445224572,"end_time":1734445226742,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I think they're not any cool."},{"start_time":1734445227489,"end_time":1734445258517,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, now from a progress anyone knows maybe Sebastian Alba. You sorry, I'm also on the phone. I don't know who's on the court. Any. Input on. First of all, they got that sort of feedback from wave one to representative to document. Yeah. Did they give us an ETA or expected completion date that they They think it's excessive. It's fine. Any indication?"},{"start_time":1734445258517,"end_time":1734445263084,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I mean, I believe we should finish this week."},{"start_time":1734445263084,"end_time":1734445289898,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, that's the logically this is the the plan. Now do we need to do an internal review after this before we send a similar email? Or let me ask this differently. Do you think? Given that we learned a few things, we can send those documents without a walkthrough session or we need a walkthrough session?"},{"start_time":1734445289898,"end_time":1734445318956,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I think it would be good if, of course, we address the points that were raised in the first wave document. Yeah. And they have to update it. I think that they've been working on that. I haven't had the time to check if they made all the points. But once they're finished and Kunal can have a revision, I think for me, at least for my side, it's fine to send it right away."},{"start_time":1734445318956,"end_time":1734445349229,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Bashin, I would like to add on the documentation part. So I have gone through the BRD and BPD for supply planning, which is a Wave 2 deliverable. So based on the feedback which we received from Wave 1, it is not at par with what what Adnox expectation is, I can say. And it is still in the raw form. So we need to update in detail. Otherwise, we'll get a lot of feedback, similar to wave one, which we received.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734445349229,"end_time":1734445363098,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"But Kunal, sorry, unless I missed your point, isn't this what we agreed and that's what Basir confirmed that they're working on it? Or you already got a second copy or second release now, and it's still not there."},{"start_time":1734445363098,"end_time":1734445374984,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Please help us understand. The documentation is on SharePoint so everyone are having the access to it and whenever it is updating everyone can see it. So today I gone through the BPT document."},{"start_time":1734445374984,"end_time":1734445376378,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"You've done a recent."},{"start_time":1734445376378,"end_time":1734445384045,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, yeah. So on the recent documentation I have seen but I don't see the changes done by Arun or Vivek."},{"start_time":1734445384045,"end_time":1734445438533,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Let's in this case try to be more efficient since Bastian shared the bigger picture. Bastian what do you think? Shouldn't Kunal have a core explain what he just mentioned and give examples to Vivek and our own. And that's why I think they need to start joining us from tomorrow on the other. I don't know why. I think they're not in the call. I mean, they don't have the invitation. Yeah, but any of of us or of you.\n\n I don't like the us and you could be in GM, but anyone could have forwarded the invite. I'll do this now. Although I thought I did this before, Now, what is the best way, Kunal, you can, do you need Bastian or you can do this discussion with them, show them the Wave 2, Wave 1 documents, how they were updated, and then they would understand what they need to do on Wave 2. What is the fastest way?"},{"start_time":1734445438533,"end_time":1734445450838,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, I can do without Bastian also, that should not be an issue. But only thing is, who is actually responsible for that document? So that we can align them."},{"start_time":1734445450838,"end_time":1734445478928,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"It's more efficient. For drilling, it's absolutely. For supply, again, it's big, but of course, also, I'm reviewing all the changes. But I think, I mean, we managed to find a way to work efficiently and faster, and it was through the comment. So if you identify anything that needs to be worked more, please the comment and we will update ASAP."},{"start_time":1734445478928,"end_time":1734445535586,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"But Bashir, see from the comment definitely I can read that is not an issue but it looks like we need to remember the entire document based on the inputs which we receive from the all the five documents from the business. So I think let me set up a call tomorrow and then we can quickly go through that and then in that call we can also involve this arun as well as vivek so that he can understand and if any inputs required from my side or your side he can straight away update it because see we already missed the deadline for wave 2 I think as per the project plan it was 6th of december that is the sign of that and still it is pending with us then once they are updating then you will review I will review then we also need the vivek viney as well as fadi's approval before sending to adnog so we need to expedite for this documentation, yeah.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734445535586,"end_time":1734445540790,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"I think we should aim to finish everything by Thursday evening. That's my opinion."},{"start_time":1734445540790,"end_time":1734445609851,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So yeah, I think Bastian, maybe this sort of making sure nothing is lost in translation. So if Kunal is saying it needs to be revamped, if you already shared with them the feedback or some of the input, the problem this time, we don't have some of the comments from the business. We only have our comments if any. So I think yes having a call tomorrow so that I mean probably a clear explanation of the before and after for one documents what happened or what did we get and Kunal you just need to I mean explain as much I mean in details as possible so that they know and then you can you can work as you said if you were there working online you can check you can give the quick feedback.\n\n Now after this I think think back to the point your reply, Bastian, we need to decide if we send it to the business directly or to the same group that we sent before, this time we cannot be as generous in time as with the wave one."},{"start_time":1734445609851,"end_time":1734445610267,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Absolutely."},{"start_time":1734445610267,"end_time":1734445681901,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Wave one, we sent it, then there was the national holiday, then we had walkthrough sessions, after which we sent another reminder saying if the case, this is pre-approved. I think we need to agree. So, Sheroz and Mo, if you can do me a favor, other than following up on wave one tomorrow, check with Asma and the team. You know the name of the approvers from Raoul's list for supply, right? Yep. If we're doing the same, if we send them those documents, are they going to be on leave or they will respond because what I'm concerned about is if we send them and they have some questions or they don't reply I don't know it might be a black box so let's try to understand how is this going to shape up over the next few days.\n\n Not everyone will take next week and the one after But it could be that, I mean, our luck isn't the best recently, so it could be we're stuck."},{"start_time":1734445681901,"end_time":1734445695930,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"Yeah, but I think, as you said, we shouldn't offer walkthroughs by ourselves. We can say if they want clarifications, for sure. But if you say that, then they will say, OK, let's schedule that, and then we'll give our comments after that, et cetera."},{"start_time":1734445695930,"end_time":1734445715449,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I think. And yes, and here we rely on also whomever is a common denominator between Wave 2 and Wave 1. It might not be the same person, but from HQ side, the approver one or two, so Yasser or, I think those are common, while the reviewers are not common. Is that correct?"},{"start_time":1734445715449,"end_time":1734445719218,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"Yeah, I'm just checking the list as well. Yeah, yeah."},{"start_time":1734445719218,"end_time":1734445734326,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Also, I mean, we need them to help us. We're still, I mean, we're a big team, but there's a limit. So while we're, Kunal tried to finish. Actually, there is a Yeah. They are the same as whom?"},{"start_time":1734445734326,"end_time":1734445742552,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"As the wave one, because they didn't give it by document. They gave it by company and by let's say maintenance, chemicals, drilling."},{"start_time":1734445742552,"end_time":1734445747916,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Ah, so for example, demand and inventory or demand drilling is similar to supply drilling?"},{"start_time":1734445747916,"end_time":1734445748631,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah. Yeah."},{"start_time":1734445748989,"end_time":1734445783427,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So this is good and bad for the team. This means if, to Kunal's point, if we're not in shape, they will say, guys, are you talking to each other? Is this the same document structure or content that, or do we need to give you another similar set of feedback? That's the bad part. The good is if we do a good job like with Kunal and the team and we try to be fit up properly, then it would be a faster approval.\n\n Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. Right."},{"start_time":1734445788079,"end_time":1734445805679,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Sorry, I got distracted by something. This is regarding Wave 1 and Wave 2. So Wave 1 we need to follow up and tomorrow we'll send an ultimatum. Wave 2 we need to update. In progress."},{"start_time":1734445805679,"end_time":1734445808057,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Sorry, is Raoul with us?"},{"start_time":1734445808057,"end_time":1734445816144,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I haven't seen Raoul. So he threw that bomb about drilling and some other stuff and left."},{"start_time":1734445816865,"end_time":1734445817401,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yep."},{"start_time":1734445817401,"end_time":1734445830795,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So we have Bastian. I don't think we have Hector. Bastian, did you read Raoul's comment about drilling team and Muhyiddin? What did he request?"},{"start_time":1734445830795,"end_time":1734445831330,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No."},{"start_time":1734445831330,"end_time":1734445934593,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"On the team chat, he sent it on Teams. Anyway, if you can... I don't know who he sent it to. On the Go FCM plus KPMG team. He said something. Actually, he sent it to both of you at 4 p.m. You want to read it now and let's align what would be the next step. So I'm not going to talk about the content of it. He said the drilling team and Mohideen requested something. But what I don't like is It came from Hadin.\n\n So what does it mean? We already sent all the documents for approval and demand. Does that change the design? The reason he's sending it to you, Hector and Bastian, is to check, does it mean less effort, more effort, before we respond? So I told him, let's check first with the team. And then if we need to respond, I would like it to be in an official way, if we think it's not going to delay us. If it's going to take more, or they're asking for two scenarios for a bomb instead of one, et cetera.\n\n So what I'll do, Bastian, it's 4 p.m. Time, 4.03. Check it out if you want to reply on the team's channel. But from my perspective, someone wanted to say something. Sorry. Yeah, I just wanted to tell it was Abdul And it was during a meeting, the technical meeting that we usually have, which is fine if it's a question."},{"start_time":1734445934593,"end_time":1734445940711,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"But sorry, I don't know what was the comment, so I don't know why I'll just reply."},{"start_time":1734445940711,"end_time":1734445946469,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"And that's why I was telling you if you want to read it now, if not."},{"start_time":1734445946469,"end_time":1734445951508,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, I'm trying to send another message and tag the comment you can do."},{"start_time":1734445953116,"end_time":1734445955077,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, you can click on it."},{"start_time":1734445955077,"end_time":1734445964553,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"And I think more this happened because right we after we dropped off the status update called Abdul Latif was pulled in by Jagannath and they were discussing this."},{"start_time":1734445964553,"end_time":1734446001716,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So it might be during that call which yes, but with all due respect to all of them at this point we're closing things. We're trying to move to build. It's not like we can have discussions. What if later on if I'm Khalid, I would say OK guys, But this is not officially from Asma and the team. They are one stakeholder. This is not... So I don't want us to rush to an action before we get it through the right channel.\n\n In the meantime, if Bastian is reading it, it's just understanding. If it's going to be more work, then we'll push back, saying, no, why? I mean, we're almost done with the design."},{"start_time":1734446001716,"end_time":1734446003271,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Why are you changing it?"},{"start_time":1734446003271,"end_time":1734446048512,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So two things. We are able to provide this file based on our template. It's not as easy. Is saying, okay, give us whatever information you have and we're going to load it to AVP. It doesn't work like that. It doesn't work like that. The second option is then to collaborate the demand directly in AVP. So we have two options here. The first option is through a template that we are going to provide provide based on the IVP structure.\n\n Of course it will have their data or data data structure and the second option is that they can do it directly in AVP."},{"start_time":1734446048512,"end_time":1734446057855,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"But in this case, Sebastian, is this attempt solution or this is the solution instead of the previous option?"},{"start_time":1734446057855,"end_time":1734446060313,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"You got my question, yeah."},{"start_time":1734446061841,"end_time":1734446099830,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So for me, if they're trying to help us because there is no, so, and this is why I wanted Raoul, is the context because we have some challenge with drilling data and they're trying to come up with an alternative only now to expedite the build or the way the solution will work, they're changing it and it becomes different from how it, where it collects the data, et cetera. That's honestly why, I mean, this is a limitation of, my understanding of this technical aspect.\n\n How did you read it? Is it an alternative or is it a replacement of the existing design?"},{"start_time":1734446099830,"end_time":1734446102802,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Let me think. I'm thinking about it."},{"start_time":1734446102802,"end_time":1734446112568,"speaker":{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"},"words":"I think I think it's the second one where you build a temporary one and then the second one. My understanding is that."},{"start_time":1734446112568,"end_time":1734446159881,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"And this is correct. This is how we get to the templates. With the firewall delay, we already moved to template. We got the chemicals data and the MRO data. So how is that different from everything else we're doing? That's why I got confused. If all they're saying is upload the data now through the template, later on we'll do it through the integration, fine. This is what we've been chasing them for dealing data.\n\n If they're changing the behavior of the solution, I want us to be cautious so we don't do something And then they're expecting that this is short term solution. There's a long term solution and then we'll do a double effort. No, let's do it properly. But again, this is just analysis from my side."},{"start_time":1734446159881,"end_time":1734446167939,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I'm not technically proficient. Yeah, I mean for me it's hard to give you a definitive answer based on just."},{"start_time":1734446167939,"end_time":1734446212383,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"On Rahul's comment on the team, so yeah, I think I mean, without you have explained further. In the absence of this, let's do the following. I already told Raoul on chat and on this one in person that if, first of all, we will need to get it officially if we're basically to consider it. From your side, Bassem, and the team, just try to understand this from Raoul. It could be sort of like feedback we got before approval of the document.\n\n I'll assume it's it's something like this, or it's someone from the team trying to be creative at the 11th hour, which we need to block and push back. I don't know, I'll let you assess and then we'll confirm tomorrow."},{"start_time":1734446212383,"end_time":1734446222237,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, I think for me the main point is that we need to have a more systematic way to take new requirements. I don't know if you've heard this requirement."},{"start_time":1734446222237,"end_time":1734446304703,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So, and I didn't know honestly if this is a new requirement, so they're changing the design some of the design or the behavior, whatever is it, or not. If it is a new requirement, you're 100% correct. We'll say, guys, shall we include this as if it's one of the comments on the review? And then we'll update the document accordingly. And then in the same thread, we got back and forth on documents, we mentioned it.\n\n This is to your point, it becomes official. If not, then no, I'll ignore it. That we would have some, uh, channel or tracker for any fine tuning, etcetera. That's your point, Bastian, right? Yes. Yeah. That was my alarming thing for me. Uh if anyone was on the call, Juggernaut now is basically asking questions that were a bit of a surprise. I mean, he's been on more than one of these calls. I mean, he's of the workshops on the cones, even Firas was asking, what do you mean?\n\n You don't know this or you don't know that. So yeah, we need to be more organized, not influenced or pushed right and left by the different stakeholders. Otherwise it becomes a party. So, okay."},{"start_time":1734446304703,"end_time":1734446306032,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Guys, anything else?"},{"start_time":1734446306032,"end_time":1734446313408,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"And that's all from my side. Well, Rahul is not here, So I have a question for him."},{"start_time":1734446313408,"end_time":1734446318043,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, you can ask for clarification and any other thing on the chat."},{"start_time":1734446318043,"end_time":1734446327670,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I want to update something in the slide that I shared a few minutes ago. I don't know if it's possible or it was already sent to."},{"start_time":1734446327670,"end_time":1734446399782,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"No, no, no, no. Actually, it's a good point. I just opened it. I was on another call and saw this. I added Hadi to it, Kushboo and Kunal. I think you can send an updated version, check my email, reply saying this is the latest version. Hadi and I, we can update. If we have questions, we'll let you know. Just in the interest of time, I'm not going to go through it now, but I think in a nutshell, you highlighted definitions, structure, building, not bullying, right?\n\n Testing data, UAT transport, Okay, anyway, we will go through this. If given that Hadi and I do not have the same level off. Technical understanding versus you. If it's not clear, will explain so that it's still core ready. So we'll do this in the morning and then finalize with you after midday, OK? So to answer your question, it wasn't sent. We need to incorporate it and just the same format as Tirko.\n\n So we'll continue tomorrow."},{"start_time":1734446399782,"end_time":1734446400292,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734446400292,"end_time":1734446419172,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"All right, guys. And I sent the invite to Raoul. Sorry, Raoul. Saul, Arun and Vivek. If there's anything we missed, I think Fiamma and Rossi were there, please forward Bastian to the rest of the team."},{"start_time":1734446419172,"end_time":1734446419682,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay?"},{"start_time":1734446419682,"end_time":1734446421213,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, thank you."},{"start_time":1734446421748,"end_time":1734446431693,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Anything else? Thank you. It's now or never. Thanks everyone."},{"start_time":1734446431693,"end_time":1734446433682,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Thank you."},{"start_time":1734446433682,"end_time":1734446434676,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Bye."}],"speakers":[{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},{"name":"Daboul, Bisher (UAE)"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},{"name":"Naqvi, Shehroz (UAE)"}]}