Patel, Rahul:
Hey Hadi.

Roumanos, Hadi:
How are you? Hey guys, how are you? Hello, hello.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hey Kat. Good? Decent day? Hey Kat. Hello.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I love you. Hello, everyone. Hello.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All right, let's give it a few minutes until everybody joins, and then we'll get started.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Do we have Tara in the call yet? Or let me put her in.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I don't see Tara. OK, I just need to go through our risks and issues list. And I'm in the car, so I can't share it. Do you want me to pull that up?

Patel, Rahul:
Is it on the PMOS? We have Tara.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, Tara can pull it up. So Tara, you were missed. Do you mind sharing the risks and issues list that we have? Just, I don't want to go through them one by one on every call. I just want to make sure that everyone knows the list and whether or not we have anything to add to it.

Sheth, Kunal:
Give me a second, Matia. I'll just...

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, take your time. Check it out. Until that happens, some of the updates of the day. Obviously, Raoul is good news for the design board. So we have a go ahead to start that development process. The other update, and I think Raoul, the approval that we needed, is it something that Khaled is helping you with? From design board?

Patel, Rahul:
We will get it as an email as minutes of design board today. So once we have that email then we will proceed to the next steps to create users and all the design developer related activities. They did share an email if I'm not mistaken. I just wanted to make sure. Hang on. I did not check my email on AdBlock's side. Generally they send minutes of the discussion and in the minutes they say it is So if the email is available, then I'll initiate the future conversation based upon that email.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Give me a second.

Patel, Rahul:
It is available.

Roumanos, Hadi:
The email is there and on top of that, Khalid has also sent a template to give all the user IDs for access. The point is that during our call, they asked us for an approval, right? That's the one. That's until UAT, no?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'm not sure.

Patel, Rahul:
That's why I'm asking. So during our call, they asked for an approval. We demonstrated that we have all the approvals. And they approved the design board. So that's the email communicating. Now, one of the actions for us is to have the cutover plan ready and approved as part of the SAT before we move to UAT. And we said that this is part of our plan project activities and we are planning to do that anyways.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, the email that they sent should include that, they have sent it at like 4 p.m., 4 or 5, so when you get a chance just give it a look, but we should be okay.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Now next up is Kyle, I just wanted to know whether or not you're on track with what you needed from the team Ian?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Well, there's two things.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
One is the award submission document, yes, that's on track. It's been sent to AdNoc. The other one is the meeting to be scheduled with Asma. I cannot align all the diaries. So I was wondering if we could take five minutes after this call just to set up a time with Asma, because I need to ensure that she's available as well as the rest of her team.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's do that. No, I don't want to keep pushing you. I don't want to keep pushing this.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So let's do that now. OK. I'm going to share my screen because I want to show the availability of Asma and her team.

Patel, Rahul:
So the only conflict I think Kyle had shared is that from 1 to 3, we have this drilling discussion where all the team members would be engaged. Other than that, I think I'm flexible. For having that conversation anytime tomorrow.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah okay but I need to make sure Asma and her team so I'm just taking over I need to make sure that they are available so please let me know if you can see my screen. Okay so she wants Alia as well as Tariq to be in this meeting because Tarek is, he's primarily responsible for identifying the end users. So it's key that they are in this meeting and then she said she may forward it to other people as well.

 So currently this one, one o'clock won't work tomorrow. So I was thinking about Friday.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I looked Friday at 10 a.m.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Everyone is available. Except for Khaled. I'm not sure if we need him there on this initial call.

Patel, Rahul:
Can we get Friday 11? Is it available for us, Friday 11?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
It says that you are an available role at 11.30.

Patel, Rahul:
I can manage that Friday 11.30. That's a technical call and I can manage that. But then if everyone is available Friday 11, Khalid is also part of the same meeting, so...

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's beneficial to have Khalid, especially if it's the first discussion.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so Friday technical call probably will ask Kunal to lead that call, and then I and Khalid can be part of this discussion.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so Hector and team, is Friday 11am okay for you?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's a bit earlier than the like, but we'd appreciate it.

Bastian Osorio:
Okay, 11 will be 8, it's fine. It's fine.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Thank you guys, I know it's early. Thank you very much. I'll share the meeting based on this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. Thank you. I'll share my screen now.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yes, please start.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So Kyle, all sorted? Yes, Hari.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, again, no need to go through the entire list of the critical items we've tackled. Kunal, what's the latest on SDD?

Sheth, Kunal:
We were just having a call with SAP and AdNoc team. We have discussed the risk part and we also need to provide a mitigation plan on on that point. So two points we have identified and then we will draft an email and send it across to the entire team for the next action item.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, so the next action is on us.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so it was a 90 minute long call between all the different stakeholders. So we summarized action. Are two points. One is on SAP, second one is on us. And we'll update the SDT with those two actions.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, by when is this supposed to happen?

Patel, Rahul:
The one with SAP, we've sent this. We will send this on email and get the confirmation when we can have this feedback. We did not have the stakeholders who would give this information. So SAP is supposed to internally check with the stakeholders who are supposed to get and get back to us when they can have this information. Our work internally can be prioritized between tomorrow to Monday.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So yeah. All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So just, Tara, please capture those. Yeah. Thank you. I just wanted to capture those two action points. OK. Invoicing. I'm chasing with Khalid. On us. Comments provided by Adnok. That's BRD BPD on Wave 2. So is this still something that's in our lap, BRD BPD for Wave 2? I know that we were waiting for comments from them.

Patel, Rahul:
So today, by end of the day today, we should have received all the comments. Drilling BPD is still a risk. We have not received comment on drilling and this This was highlighted with Khaled today as well, and it's been highlighted everywhere, so I don't know what else we can do to get their attention now. No, no, that's fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let me do something. I'll follow up with Khaled. I'll chase tomorrow as well. But we need to give them a timeline. So we need to send an email. Let's align first with Khaled, but I want to send an email that says if we don't receive comments from you by the end of the week, then we consider it closed. So I should not keep it open.

Patel, Rahul:
That email is already sent. That email is already sent.

Roumanos, Hadi:
then we need to follow it up with an email tomorrow that says that date is passed this is closed right so but again I just want to align with Khaled tomorrow to make sure that he's on the same page

Patel, Rahul:
on the BPD we have received a nasty email from Jagannath there are some so this is something it's a pretty bad email by the way so can we can we see why it's such a bad email I he's mentioning

Roumanos, Hadi:
a lot of spelling he's mentioning a lot of Weirdness, so is it a quality issue from our side so?

Madhavan, Tara:
Is it because it's a bit concerning, right? Because Jagannath mentioned that processes are not clearly explained.

Patel, Rahul:
So we have a conflict of opinion here between GoSCM team and KPMG team in terms of our understanding understanding of the solution. So I had a quick call with Hector and Bastian where Hector and Bastian, or the same team, let's not say that Hector and Bastian, the same team feels they still lack necessary information required to come up with a quality document. And probably they are being pushed to create a document with whatever information they have.

 And that has resulted in...

Roumanos, Hadi:
What's our opinion?

Patel, Rahul:
Our opinion is that we've had a few conversations and I think we have understanding and we've replied on the concern raised by Bastian on the time. But essentially now we need to reconcile between GOESIM, SAP, KPMG...

Bastian Osorio:
Has Mohammed been involved in this? Just a comment from my part. If this is the case, if we do have enough information to create this document, then only the technology part will have been questioned. But the process part and the VRD as well, this is a collaborative job. Good word. Yeah, I agree. I just want to say... It's not fair to say, okay, it's like... From our parties that we don't understand.

 That could be the case, I understand, but if that is the case, why Jagannath is questioning all the documents, not just one, just the technology part?

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's a fair point, which means that we need to collectively look at those comments and collectively look at what it means for the document. Honestly, I could care less if it's KPMG or GSM, it's us.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, I'm sure I'm aligned with you having regarding that it is not relevant who understand what and I'm not saying that.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, I agreed. So that's where I've requested probably Kunal can we have one session between us like the core team who generally comes together to have this review so that we can together review or try to clarify each other's doubt and based upon that conversation if we still need to go back to AdNoc can have more clarification questions, then we'll initiate that action then.

Bastian Osorio:
Let's make sure that I'm in that meeting and someone's in that meeting. With the best intentions here, I see, for example, Kunar, you're sending messages for us to review the VRD. And one of the comments, it highlights the word required. And this comment, it's not just one. And Jagannath puts spelling. What is there to correct? And I think for our part, we are configuring, we're testing with the data.

 So I think you can all being the responsible for the documentation, I think it will be way more efficient if you can take this comment, like what is the input that I can give for anyone from the technology team for this, the correction that Jagannath is requiring from the VRD, which it says require.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's do something, let's do something. Let's get on a call for an hour, all of us, including Kunal, myself, Mohamed, see what Jagannath is referring to, yeah? And then on the call we determine who does what, right? If it's something that Kunal needs to consolidate, then fine. But let's not agree right now on the fly without even knowing. I don't even know what Jagannath was referring to. So instead of deciding now, again, it's just an hour that we can look at the document together and figure out what Jagannath meant by each of his comments.

 Does that seem OK to everyone? Yes.

Sheth, Kunal:
Hari, the spelling mistake which Jagannath was highlighting, it is more of a singular plural part. But that is not a main agenda. The main part which he's focusing on the process, he's saying some part he's saying that we haven't discuss then from where you are coming from So it is more of an understanding topic which we need to fulfill in that time.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I don't mind replying to Jagannath saying that the spelling mistakes have been fixed. For your other comments, this is our reply. For these processes, we've addressed it. For these processes, we don't have enough data from you. Or I don't know what the answer will be. So first, we take a look again, as I said, just to make sure what is our next action item. And then we distribute. So let's not be hasty.

 He has comments. It's not a nice email. I don't like seeing emails like this. So either we reply to him. We say we fixed whatever we can fix. But for the rest, we don't have enough information to address. It's as simple as that, right? So if you want us to provide you with a more quality document, then sit with us for three hours and give us the information that we need. I don't know whether this is our answer or not.

 We just need to see the document and refer to his comments.

Patel, Rahul:
That's all I'm saying.

Sheth, Kunal:
And can we get into a call tomorrow with the same process and technology call which Khushboo has set up, or we need a separate call for that?

Roumanos, Hadi:
It doesn't need to be a separate call. All I need is the right people to be on the call. So if it's us, OSCM, Mohammed, myself, in the call with Khushboo, then that's still OK.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, I mean, we don't need 10 calls. We just need one where we're all in.

Patel, Rahul:
Correct, correct.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, that is a stand-up call between all of us.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So we can discuss it. Yeah, sure, you can use it. All right, so we'll park it for now until we have the chance to discuss. 16 and 17, demand process changes for MRO and for drilling. These two things I think CM was taking care of Kyle, any input from your side? These are the two things that are delayed, and I want to see what they're dependent on. Are they dependent on the discussion with Asma? Are they dependent on anything that we're running right now?



Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So the demand process changes for MRO team, is that not part of that other document that was submitted to management? Hi everyone, sorry I'm late.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So the idea here is to be able to help management manage the change, right? So we need to, we've discussed this with Firas if you recall, What are the changes that are impacting these two teams?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
And how do we manage that change?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
OK, but Hadi, sorry, I'm not sure what Sim was supposed to do here exactly.

Patel, Rahul:
So let me add here, Hadi. So for the MRO, we centered communication. And we highlighted also in the status call We don't have confirmation if the leadership alignment has happened, and that's something we need to continue pushing the ad hoc team so that the communication happens. The same goes for the drilling team. Based upon our discussions we'll have tomorrow, we'll have the complete process change.

 The document itself is ready for MRO drilling and operations. We need to take this as one of the points tomorrow with Asma to make sure that she confirms if the communication the change communication alignment within AdNoc has happened.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So the only comment I have here is let's not bother Kyle with it if there's no action on the CM team let's not bring it up to them the only thing that they would be responsible for doing is making sure that Asma takes this forward right so again again the point here Kyle is that there's a change happening and the the ask from Firas is to help them manage that change right so and and the first step in doing that is sending the email from us but to say that that change happened right and then because it's happening that's how you manage that that transition I hope I'm making sense so it needs to come up in the

Patel, Rahul:
discussion with asthma yes okay we will discuss this with you on Friday okay The only point I would like to add here, Hadi and Kyle, is that based upon our yesterday's discussion with Hector, where we are expecting change in the process on the demand side, this communication, what we are trying to push, may not be relevant as we get more clarity. So I'm not sure how we have a stand, whether we want to be really aggressive about this, knowing that we know that there is a change upcoming and we are consciously not communicating communicating that change to AdNoc while we get the Wave 1, Milestone 1 related things sorted out.



Roumanos, Hadi:
So I think here it's more of an ask from Firas, right? You remember that conversation that we had in the circle that says we need to help them manage that change. So at least let's get the conversation going, right? If nothing less, let's make sure that Asma understands that there's this change and we can have the conversation with her. Okay, how do we bring this change to the leadership, to the team leads, to the maintenance team, et cetera.

 So if it needs to be on Friday, all I'm saying is let's initiate the conversation with her. And we tell her, if you recall, as part of the circle, we need to start managing that change going forward.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
That's what we can do. OK, sure. But just to ensure that I'm aligned with Rahul, in that discussion on Friday, we are going there under pretense that we haven't made changes to the BPD document, right? Correct, correct. Yes, okay.

Patel, Rahul:
And as part of the same BPD, this rules needs the change discussion within AdNoc and that's what we'll communicate with Asma saying that we need your help to make sure this communication happens at leadership level and then the subsequent steps in terms of how we then, once the communication happens, what would strategy to take the change further with the users identified from the respective areas is what we will discuss.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I think I think we've got this connected here.

Naamani, Mohamad:
You might need to repeat this role, but I have one request here or suggestion. We also need to use our judgment if so, will raise it to a small will tell them about management. The team as long as we create the awareness. But we also need to assess if this will come back and bite us if they do not act and accept this ASAP. So this will become a nightmare when we do unit testing or later SIT, UAT, then we might need to push harder so that we can get that acceptance and that acknowledgement, so awareness and acceptance, etc.

 The earliest this is something we can assess not them because we also agreed internally to involve the users the earliest so from their perspective they could think okay so that's fine when you do training you can brief them but in reality it might be too late so that's my request here let's let's do a proper evaluation from our side to decide when is this due.

Patel, Rahul:
As part of that Mo today when we were reviewing the UT plan internally between me, Hector and Bastian. So one of the points what we as per the plan is we are really not planning the demand sessions for MRO, considering the limited information available. I think we'll have a separate call. I don't want to have this conversation right now.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, only my request is let's consider this because they do not know about how agile or iterative going to work. So they might not give it enough attention and assume everything will be like magic resolved by the change management track or during training. Then this will come back and bite us. That's my only request.

Patel, Rahul:
As long as I think there needs to be more discussion for us to have this internal judgment on how we explain how important it is right now versus later in the project.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And that's exactly my request. I think Kyle, if you can hear us now, ask Raul what you didn't hear. If there's something you got disconnected on.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yes, well, I just missed that part where you're talking about the author said that we would go discuss with asthma recall. Our discussion will be based on the current BPD documents and not the changes. And then you said yes, I agree we will discuss this and then I never heard what you said.

Patel, Rahul:
And then as we discussed with our asthma, the probably the next step be that once she confirms the communication happens, we need to agree on a communication strategy with this new set of users which will be identified as part

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
of this communication.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, nice. I'm sorry I joined late. How was the SAP call? Is the thing that we're depending on them to address hopefully on track or not? Hadi, maybe you covered it. If not, then I'll wait for that to be addressed.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We covered it and Kunal can summarize if needed. There's two action points on us at this point.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But we think there would be a consensus where ADNOC will accept what SAP standard practice is or vice versa or we might go in circles? We might go in circles.

Patel, Rahul:
There were two risks. One of the risks we've mitigated with actions on us which we've agreed with Reinaldo and Sagar as well, that that's possible. The other point related to RFC-based communication, which is standard communication, SAP has said this is the only way. AdNoc has requested from the product team of RFC that, is there a plan to consider AdNoc's request in the next three months or six months?

 And if SAP confirms that there is no plan to improve the product based upon what AdNoc has requested, then the next step would be that that this would be identified as open risk with Ad-hoc management, and then Ad-hoc management will have to take the decision saying that, will they want to live with this risk?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, because this could be a completely different plan, different process, et cetera. But in the meantime, is this stopping us from continuing on the integration on the dev environment and adjusting the data, et cetera, or we'll proceed while giving this extra attention so it doesn't come back and bite us?

Patel, Rahul:
OK, this is not stopping anything what we're doing. Sorry.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, no, the thing that is blocking us from that side is not that definition of the authenticator, but the ticket with SIP that is for the IVP instance on CDS. I mean, it's a different topic, but it's also something related with this. Resolved? No, this is still not resolved.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Any due date that they've given? No.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm not sure, Hadi, if you're tracking those as two different risks, because one might have a different life cycle, which is this RFC versus this part, which is a very imminent thing. So it means now we're back to idle because of this?

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, we put, I think there is is in one of the points there but we put like the deadline for Monday and if on Monday we don't have this instance then it's going to start delaying.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We are tracking this and we are tracking this somewhat separately so we need to have this discussion with Malik as well.

Patel, Rahul:
This was discussed with Paola as well and we've clearly communicated if we don't get this resolved by SAP by Friday this will further create for the delay on project timeline on SAP's account.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah. I mean, we talked about delay planning, but now we've incurred additional delays.

Bastian Osorio:
And question, the ticket was, the priority was raised? Yes. Because it was medium? It was too high.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah. OK. I think that it was done a couple of, maybe yesterday or day before.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So just for the, in the interest of time, I need to jump at the 30. So I want to cover, Kyle, a few points that you had on your plate. The end-users and the training approach. And these two were pending. So end-users, I'm assuming this is pending the discussion with Asimov. Yes. OK. And the training approach?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Training approach, we discussed this with Khaled yesterday. He wasn't happy with the trainer-trainer approach. And Mohammed had a discussion with him, and I was here as well. So we are still to determine what the best approach would be for this training. But the training strategy isn't due now, or it's not aligned to the milestones. So this is to be determined, basically.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, but we know what the actions are that are on us, or are we clear on the next steps, is my question.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I mean, Mohamed, you can confirm, but we said we would discuss this at a later stage.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, so we need to sit down Hadi and decide on the changes required on the training strategy based on this chat with Khaled. So that's an internal alignment. Fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So Kyle, I can count on you to book that session with whoever you need, Mohamed, myself, et cetera.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And let's make sure it's in this Excel sheet so that we know we keep track. Yeah. So that's why I'm asking. But it's needed, yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's why I'm asking. So in terms of Tara logging, there's an action on us. And in terms of action, Kyle, to book the meeting whenever you see fit. Sure. Or whenever you think fit.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Hector Palacios:
Just a comment from more experience. Sorry, Harry. No, go ahead. When we don't have the train of trainers approach, the adoption is very bad. It's not the thing that we don't want to do the training. We can do all the training. That's fine. The point is that when we have one guy that is taking their time to learn, to teach to others, that is a very good indicator that they are going to adopt the solution.



Naamani, Mohamad:
I had this discussion, Hector, that was exactly a discussion with Khaled. Let's also add Hector and Bastian to that alignment on training. The problem is Khaled's concern is there won't be anyone, that trainer might not be responsible or will not be fully responsible or serious about this, because all of the arguments you made is based on the logic I shared. However, they think it's basically They have enable now, they have a platform.

 There's no such thing as a trainer that people will go to. So again, we'll discuss it internally so we don't take more time. You're right, but also the way they're expecting it is different. And given that we have enable now, we'll publish all of this content online. We might be able to do this first training and during the six month of hypercare, work with them. Maybe during that time we'll elect from one person to do transfer of knowledge, for example.

 Yeah, but there needs to be someone that needs to be there like a champion here because we are going to be. It could be a main trainee during the trainer, but again, let's discuss. I agree with you, but because Hadi needs to leave and there might be some more items, let's discuss it in that session. Let's make sure Bastian and Hector are involved, Kyle, and then we'll agree what would be the best way.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So valid Hector.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Sure, thank you. Tara Tara, do you mind scrolling down a bit, please? Tara. Hello. Hello. I can hear you, but she cannot.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So it's not like you're not It's not me, right, for once? If you have the document, it's faster.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All right, a bit more, Tara, please. A bit more. We need to limit this list to 20 items, Max.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, it's OK.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We don't need to cover all of it, which we're not doing, so it's fine. Okay, we should be fine. So I'm going to drop Mohammed. There's a lot of items on my to-do list, including the value document that we need to discuss with Khalid. So I'll have that conversation with him tomorrow. No, I think we can all drop.

Naamani, Mohamad:
There is nothing. Since I'm joining late.

Patel, Rahul:
I have one point to be discussed, one risk identified today. Oh great, wonderful. What's up? AdNoc has a really long process of enabling new application within AdNoc. When I mean application, the application is the Excel plugin which is required for user to test. Khalid has initiated that process based upon today's discussion with Kaiser. But if that process is not completed by ad-hoc security expert evaluating the tool and making sure it can be implemented in an ad-hoc environment, we may face a situation where we are ready with everything but user do not have access to IPP because the tool is not approved by ad-hoc.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Do they need to approve it on prod or even approving it on development and UAT will be blocked?

Patel, Rahul:
Since it's an Excel plugin, it does not matter for which server it is used. The installation of the plugin Microsoft Excel is. They call it a package. Yeah, that in that I didn't add in which is required to log in into IPP. There is something called a package process where I will.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sorry I'm cutting you off, but the faster answer is so that will this stop us during a site or during unit test or later on going live? That's my question.

Patel, Rahul:
It will stop us right away in the next UT where we expect to log in and start testing.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, that's what I'm asking. I think that would be...

Rocio Minguillon:
So, you only have users that need to have access, no?

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, two weeks from now, the unit testing we're planning would need users to have access to the plugin, to IPP, and for them to access IPP, this Excel plugin needs to be installed on their laptop. And the process to get this installed is a tedious process, what we understood, similar to what we did for STD or any other process.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, is there a way so we don't discover this as we go? Is it something that no one knew or because we always mentioned this Excel plugin, we need to be cautious what to brief Khalid and Vignesh on so they can help us.

Patel, Rahul:
Because this is something which has come from AdNoc only.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay. No, I mean, we need to be smart and start asking those questions. So in this case, Hadi, we need to have that discussion about the impact just like this data center upgrade. If we're re-baselining, we can say, okay, I would like next week, Tuesday, if there is bad news, to tell them actually, by the way, surprise, it's not five weeks, it's six or seven or whatever, because basically there are certain things that we're not getting enough speed on and we cannot control it.

 Management would like us to go more speed, but their processes are completely different. We cannot do magic. I think David Copperfield is not on the team. So guys, I need to jump. Yeah, yeah, you closed on a good note. So let's add this. Tara, if you can add it to the bottom and get the more details, we'll discuss it tomorrow morning. Yeah, already added.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, thank you.

Rocio Minguillon:
Thanks everyone. Thank you everyone. Thank you. Do you have a Disconnect yeah.

Sheth, Kunal:
Bye!

