Rocio Minguillon:
Oh. You Hello, team.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello.

Rocio Minguillon:
Tara, I just sent an item on the chat to put on the list that we're discussing during the huddles and then I can more detail on it. It is not that, it's not critical. It's priority medium or high, but it's just to add it. Thank you. Thank you.

Rocio Minguillon:
Are we waiting for Rahul and Hadi?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I know, Rahul is here.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We don't know if Hadi is going to join, considering he was sick. If not, then let's continue.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, let's go quickly through the list and see where we are.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Can you please pull up the list?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I don't think we have Kunal on the call, but today we had a discussion between the AdNoc team for the steps suggested by SAP. I don't have further update, but yeah, we had this meeting today with AdNoc, so we need to get clarification from the team as to what is the outcome of that discussion with AdNoc on the steps suggested by SAP. Dealing data and demo, I think, this is in process uh we had a meeting today so we have aligned the link data uh so this is aligned between last meeting and today's meeting uh the bomb definition is complete now awaiting data from sample data from right now Oh.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let's put 16th Friday, Thursday. Wave 2. We have BRD meeting review plan tomorrow. And drilling BPD review plan tomorrow. Rest of the BPDs review complete.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, there, Rahul, something just to mention. We were just talking with the rest of the team, and they have answered a lot of comments. There's still someone like they're still working on them, but there are also some points that remain open that maybe you should take a look. And there are some of them that we also need the help of AdNoc. Well, we have the meetings tomorrow to complete that. But yeah, I think that we are aligned.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
But just for you to know. Yes. Yes, Rocio, thanks for the update. So internally, we also reviewed the document. So we have seen the comments updated by the GoSIEM team. So thank you for providing the comments. And yeah, whatever is open, we'll discuss tomorrow at AdNoc. OK. Demand process change for MRO. So I think today we have discussion, right? As per today's weekly status, change management team will talk to us tomorrow.

 For alignment. For leadership.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
And demand process changes for drilling. I don't think we need a separate point for demand process changes for drilling. Anyone on the call feels there is a separate, is there an action required on process changes for drilling? We already have a data point for drilling. There is no process point for drilling.

Rocio Minguillon:
I think that was an item that we were using for change management.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so Kyle, anything specific here? No, not from my side.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I think we've also got the end users now from Abdul, well, from Mohammed Ashiq, and we're also waiting for Abdul Latif as well. But no.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So I think Tara, this point can be taken off the list completely. It's not a tracking point as per me.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, what did you say?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
This specific point, drilling demand management process change for drilling. This is not a tracking. Action row number 17 point number 17 you can put today's comment that this is not a valid action that we know Insights and recommendations, Khushboo. Do you have update here? This was discussed, yeah, this was discussed with the team and we're supposed to get feedback from GoSEM team by Friday 17th, so this will remain open till Friday 17th.

 This was discussed last week and priority is given to the BRD BPD documentation and by Friday this week goes will provide the feedback. Rule number 13 is with Hadi which is not So let's take it separately. Align with Firas and Khalid on the new baseline plan. So I think we've submitted, we've had discussion today, right, on the new baseline plan.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
This is no more.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
A suggestion, let's go through the critical ones first. And whatever we need, either to update update the team on the score or get input. I mean, either just brief them on progress or if we need more information, because these are the critical ones. Then we can, so we can filter data by critical, then we can go to high, just to, I mean, that's the purpose of this call. If there are new things, we'll raise them, but at least update each other, because some people might be waiting on the result of a critical action.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
and so on and so forth. Develop use cases or testing phase. So, Rocio, still on track? Yes, yes, that's still on track.

Rocio Minguillon:
By Friday, we can share with you all the scenarios for unit testing. For each of the processes.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
You can identify and quantify the number of end users to be trained. So Kyle, this is something in line with our discussion, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So we've discussed with asthma.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Go ahead, Kyle, you can update.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So yeah. So we've finished the meetings with the business. We're getting the information from Muhammad Ashik and Abdul Lateef for drilling. And I have a discussion with Asma tomorrow regarding the communication that was discussed on the call today in the status meeting. Once that communication has been discussed with Asma and it's been approved, then we'll go ahead and add for these people.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Same is that end users to be trained as well as key users to be identified for the unit testing. So I don't know if it becomes a separate bullet or becomes part of the same bullet.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Maybe we should just, in the description, just add plus key users maybe and then we can track it that way.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so Tara can you update the description of this action to add key users for unit testing and you then to be trained and key and key users for unit testing.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
This one is closed. Yeah. So, criticals are done.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let's go to Hive. Yes.

Rocio Minguillon:
And the new point that I wanted to raise was this thing about separate integration open point sessions. This is regarding the integration. We are already integrating data. We are already reviewing that data. So what we need now is to discuss on the extra attributes that need to be integrated, and well, a lot of open points. First of all, regarding the Wave 1, and then we will go with the other ones.

 We have seen, I mean, last week I think that we agreed with your Rahul also and with the team to have that open points during the sessions that we already have about open points. We have seen that these sessions are not enough and we don't have time during that sessions to talk about these technical points. So what we are put it into the table is to have these separate integration Open Point sessions with Vignesh as one of the key users, and also the functional users of MRO, and a separate one for drilling.

 Maybe two sessions next week will be good, but that is what we were thinking with the rest of the team. I don't know if you agree or if you see it this way or not.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
What I feel is that the original intention of the meeting, as you rightly mentioned, was to have this technical discussion. But with the BPD and the open points related to process, we used the same session to discuss about some of this point. I'm hoping that by this week, all the points related to BPD and all other open points will get addressed, which means next week, onwards we can use the same sessions and we can set up this agenda front saying these are the points you would like to discuss so that we can plan the sessions with the agenda you would like to try.



Rocio Minguillon:
Is that something we can do? Yes, sure. What do you think, Basti? Do you think that will be enough? I mean, I'm not being participating in that meeting, so I can't say, but yes.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We can split the meeting into two. Two hours meeting, right? So we can have first one hour for MRO, second one hour for drilling, and like split day inwards so that we can have a focused conversation.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, sure. Yes, definitely. If you think that there are no, there will be other points to see that distract us from the technical ones, that will be okay. The thing is that we, next week, we really need to talk about that definitions to continue on track. Noted.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So we will utilize existing meetings in place. And we'll try to finish all the open points in our agenda related to BPD. We are doing a process in this week so that next week we focus upon the data fields and data mapping.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, perfect.

Rocio Minguillon:
So maybe Tara, let's not put the separate. Let's put just a point of integration open point sessions. So maybe next week we can see how is that working.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
And then, yes, track it. Okay.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Thank you, Tim.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
filter for high. So we've reviewed recommendation aligned with college for us. So regarding this rule number 20, baseline right. So we discussed this today. What is our date? Go back to Firas and Khalid on aligning the new baseline plan.

Madhavan, Tara:
We can check with Hadi, maybe some early next week, probably.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay, let's align this with Hadi and see when we can plan this. This is for Hadi's update. Yeah, and the next item is again with the same. Update developed training materials.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Any update here?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
June 25th, Jan. Dependency on a training approach. So is this sorted out? The training approach and then the

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, so the training approach I was waiting to see if we could get more information from Khaled about enable now. We spoke to Khaled today and he showed us. Enable now, but I don't know if anyone in the team has any expertise in this enable now because he's us access to enable now so we can log into the system and the training is going to have to be done through enable now but we were just trying to get an understanding of this before we have a meeting about the training approach.

 But to be honest he couldn't really show us much and we're not 100% sure how we're going to find out more information about this. So I wanted to ask if anyone on the knows anything about EnableNow?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, from our side, no, Kyle.

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, yeah, we don't have experience, at least in our team, in EnableNow. But it shouldn't be, I mean, we can see how it is.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Either we figure out what is EnableNow in discussion with or probably more, do we have anyone in here who can have a quick session with team on Nibble now?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
The team can work on a Nibble now. Monamani.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So there is this request from Cardiff that all the trading activity should happen through Nibble now. So while we don't have experts on our team on enable now if someone can help give a quick forward with the team on enable now so the team can start working it seems to be pretty simple tool but I

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
already asked kushboo to start working on this so if we need help we can check internally I don't have an answer now but so let's discuss it offline yeah so probably we'll discuss this kushboo this is something we can talk tomorrow on how we can I We can check it should be not that big of a deal. Yeah, maybe a session. Internally, so that everyone is on same page.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
It will be quick, quick, quick tool to learn.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
But first, let's see what is the best course that could check it could be a training or from our SAP. Okay, and just to go back to that point, can you go up a bit, Toro, to the point we were on? Develop training material with day in the life here. So this is dependent on that training. So once we finalize that enable now, I'll have a better understanding. And then this is also dependent on the identification of those end users, which is underway at the moment still.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Regarding the reference material solution confirmation point number 33, Bastian, I just want to connect with you. Probably we can talk about it separately, is to align on where we stand on the reference material After our session with AdNoc, this thing has not moved. And then this is one of the open items which we need to close. So between today and tomorrow, a quick 15 minute call will help us align on this and define the next steps.



Bastian Osorio:
Yes, sure. But did we get the confirmation from Murugan? Because he was the one in charge of replying to the presentation we made, I think.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So we got a reply from Murugan. We got a reply from Murugan. But let's align on what is the reply from Murugan and define next steps here. Because the current BPD, we already identified this as an open item. Wave 1, this would be a critical open item, which we need to close. So let's align internally on how we proceed, review the Murugan's feedback, and then decide on how we take this up, like how we want to take this up with that doc.

 OK. For EPC exclusion, Tara, I need to align with the team. This week, since I'm here, I'll try line and close on this point. Procurement award is it is closed right on hold, which means that this you can even close that point, right? This is no more an action.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, it's. You can remove it if you want.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Here we don't have an update.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Tomorrow I'll check with Khalid. You can put my name here. I'll check with Khalid. Status of this request.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Late addition comments on PRD document by Murugan and others.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Is this an action? We've already discussed this with the team today. Now, the last one, demand MRO data and impact. So, Bastian, you've updated that data is making more sense. Do we have more visibility on the data here?

Bastian Osorio:
Yes. It's making more sense. We still need plenty of additional attributes, hierarchies, and it's something we want to check in the sessions that Rocio just mentioned a couple of minutes ago. But so far, we have the basic data, historical, and then we need to add some additional components but that is something that the user needs to define.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So Bastian, is it possible to put up a list here? Because so that will help us track the progress of the interface and the data. So like if the list can be that master data integrated, which all master data, material master, equipment master.

Bastian Osorio:
We do have a track. I think we can put it in the share folder.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, probably we can then track the progress of this activity like if there are 10 tasks and 8 are complete then we are 80% complete that way so that we are all aware of what is the progress on the data integration and if there are anything any concerns which needs to be raised then we are all aware of those. Is that something we can do like Rocio can you help us out here giving us a update on the status of the data integration master data and transactional data what we have identified our all the different processes and the master data and transaction data elements, so that if we are able to track it, we know that we are able to integrate all the data sources what we have said in the BPD.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, sure.

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, we have the, as Bastian said, we have the list of data that we are mapping. I mean, we have a file that is called mapping, and there is where we have all the names of the attributes and also as well then the transactional data that it's on IVP and that is what we use to track the integration. But the things that are not yet defined, of course, they are not in that list. But yeah, I can share that file.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, and we can keep it really at high level, at the level that we have mentioned in our BPD documents. In the BPD document, every BPD document, we've identified transactional data element and master data element, right? Now, so the expectation is all of those transactional data element and master data element, we should be able to integrate with this Forerunner, and the integration is complete. Now, in some of those elements, there is an enhancement where we need additional parameters, and that's what we will discuss in the technical meeting, what I understand.

 But actually, it's on a high level.

Rocio Minguillon:
Just the name of the master data? Yes, the name of the transactional data.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
so that we know how many of those data elements are integrated successfully, we see all the data, and we are doing analysis so that we have the complete visibility of integration of all the data elements, including transactional master data.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, sure.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Do you want us to put this up? When do you think we'll be able to see the first version of this, Rocio?

Rocio Minguillon:
If I have it, it's just a matter of a day. But let me check and I will let you know if I can do it by Friday or if I will take a few days more.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
But I think that it will be by Friday. Let's put this point, Tara. Let's call it data. Dashboard.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Interface data.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
What can be better word? Yeah, that's okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
Data dashboard.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So that we and for now let's put the data as Friday unless Rocio comes back and says that it needs to be a different Okay.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, Tara, now we've looked at high and...

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, before we continue, Tim, can you go mute?

Naamani, Mohamad:
So, since the purpose of the call is to check, I mean, where we stand on different risks, first question quickly, is there anything that is not listed here? Because that's the idea, this should be comprehensive. Most importantly, the second question because I might need to drop is. Are we progressing well on the ones that are not on track? Is there a red alert? Because I think other than going through the list part of the outcome of this meeting would be like today we pushed everyone and we don't add.

 No, we need the documents to be reviewed and approved this week. So the idea is, is there any takeaway action? Because some of the items, I mean, I'm looking at the sheet, I think it's the same one, and many are delayed. Ideally, delayed could be then moved to orange instead of red. That is now in a better shape. But most of the critical, if I pick critical, or two of the critical are delayed, two are on track.

 So any actions required? Oh, we're still okay. Drilling data and drilling them as the approval is delayed. Both of them are delayed. So that's my second question. First is faster. Anything that anyone around the table is not listed in this, then please raise your hand at it, or at least provide the details. Most importantly, the second one, actions required to move delayed into on track or better shape, whatever you want to call it.

 If not immediately red to green, it up to orange.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I'll let others speak before I add additional points. Anyone want to add any other point here? No. There is one point with respect to development access. Tara, do you have update on the list of users because we need to get back to Khalid. The on list of users who need access to Dev. Do you have all the required input?

Madhavan, Tara:
Not yet. Rocio, did you update? I didn't get any reply from you. Yes, I did update.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, I just react to the comment, but yes, I updated. Then we have everything.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm missing the selfies, but I will put it right now.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So if we have then tomorrow I'll align with Khalid and request access to all this user's Endeavor environment so that whatever is standard IBP, standard S4, we can start working on it. Tara, you want to add this FSD documentation as one of the list here, item here, because we discussed this. We want to, okay, it's already there. Can you make it critical because this is important for Wave 1?

Rocio Minguillon:
OK, but that is going to be on track.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We just want to make sure that we have this. OK, so. This was one of the points.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, and regarding the second question that you may ask, I'm a little bit worried. The rest of the team, but about the training strategy and the training material that Kyle already told us about the status and there is no other action to do as I understood, but maybe that is one of the things

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
that are critical and that are becoming a problem. For us to send invites for unit testing, so that this has to happen by this Friday. I know we are having this discussion to identify key users, but let's put up a date of this Friday so that we at least send us invites one week in advance to the team.

Rocio Minguillon:
And what happened, Rahul, with the add-in of that users?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yes. Yes, add-in. Request is still open. Today I could not get an update from Khalid on where the request stands. So let me talk to him tomorrow and give an update to the team whether the request is pending and once the request gets approved, the key users which we identified to which we send this invite will ask Khalid to get this for this user set. Okay, the only additional point I would like to emphasize is, Bastian, we need to send, we need to work on the document comments for the other open item, for all the open comments we have.

 So in the chat, I've requested if we can continue after this call to continue reviewing those documents so that we can send it across to AdNoc. So, I was hoping if you and Hector are available after this.

Bastian Osorio:
We need another meeting to start reviewing configuration, but I can, let me, give me a couple of minutes to coordinate with Hector and maybe he can join or I join the other one, I don't know.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay, let us know as Anyone has any other point?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
If not, then anything from your side?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, for the ones that are critical or high that are delayed, is it clear that what needs to be done and are we, because that's what the purpose of the huddle is to make sure. Can you put up the filter? Can you quickly put up the filter? Do one formatting thing. In the list of comments, this is not an English paragraph, the remarks, please have one bullet for each action. So meeting completed, the kernel to store just like individual bullets, make them bullets so that it's easier to read.

 And we know these are like actions or follow up items.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
of filter for critical and delayed.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Critical and what? Delayed. Sorry.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Delayed, yeah. Everything which is delayed, let's look at that. You can take out the filter from priority and just put up a filter for delayed.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Approval, we are aware of it.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
This is over. Yeah, my only question here or concern is making sure that we have immediate actions, especially for the delayed ones, starting with critical, then...

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so we've reviewed all and we have immediate action for all of this.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Because ultimately, if something is delayed and we don't have an action, it means delay on the project plan.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So, yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Anything alarming? Before I jump out. No. So the add-on, the Excel add-on, we have some sort of workaround for it or we're pushing on it?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We're pushing on it.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
We have an action for, right?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We have action point. We have action point. Coddling data, we have made progress. Add-on. Add-on. There is no workaround. The only thing is we need to push for that internal approval.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
It's here, right?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
It's here.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
OK. I mean, I'll keep doing this because I'm not as involved as we are distributing them properly.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, good. Then let me jump out. OK, then.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I think Kyle has his hand up if he needs to.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
You have a question, Kolya?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Go ahead.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I just wanted to make sure that I'm aligned in terms of this end user So we've gone through the exercise with the business where we've identified the roles as well as the headcounts for these roles. And now it's actually about identifying those end users. So for drilling, that's been done, it's been done by Mohammed Al Sheikh and then Abdul Latif is doing it as well. But then for MRO and for chemicals, we still need to identify these end users.

 And please, maybe I don't understand this correctly, that's contingent on that communication that we discussed today in the status meeting. Can you just confirm that, Rahul? So we are going to discuss...

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, let me cut you off here. The communication is to ensure that the management, the VPs and the managers or the leadership of those end users are aware and supporting or even pushing those end users to sit with us, to be involved in testing, to be involved in sessions where they'll understand. The identification is asthma and team, so we should be done with it. The communication is only to send a clear and strong message to all of those saying, if KPMG and GO-SCM invited you to something you need to attend, this is not an option.

 You cannot say, basically, I'm on vacation, no one to cover, it's fine, next week, and this will impact the timeline. Unless you're referring to something else, Kyle, that's the difference. Identifying is priority and it does need management. Asma will figure out who to talk to and she will give us the final Asma and team I mean. Did I miss your point or we're in agreement on this?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
No that's fine I'm aligned with that but then in terms of the identification of those users for example in MRO there's one person per department per AGC and we had asked Tarek for like a map of the different departments by the different AGC and he was unable to provide that to us. He provided us, and Bishu you can correct me if I'm wrong, but he provided us with a list of people by plant per AGC, and now it appears that we are expected to reach out to all of these people

Naamani, Mohamad:
in order to identify these end users. No, no, no. So can you take this offline, online with Hadi and Raoul on it, so that we can contact Asma and tell her we need the following from you. We do not need, we cannot just do things that will take them much faster to finish. Most importantly, they know how to do it. Contacting them, that's not our job. They need to, because if I'm in one of those and you're contacting me, one, I might not reply.

 Two, I will reply and just don't take you seriously. Don't take it personally, et cetera. So that's not an option. And Let's discuss this. I think between Hadi and Raoul, they will help you even if it requires a call with Khalid and Asma. Or even Khalid might support it with Asma. Okay? Okay. I'll set up a call. I'll jump team.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I just need to wait for another call. Thank you. All right.

Bastian Osorio:
Anyone have any other point? No. Raoul, maybe we can stay here if you want.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
better.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Raul, sorry, could I just agree on a time if you're available tomorrow, perhaps in the morning sometime, so I can set up a call with you and Hadi.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Raul? Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
What time works for you tomorrow?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Are you available?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just, sorry, calendar, that's, yeah, 1230.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
11 o'clock, I'll send you the inbox, thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thank you. I cannot be. You there. Yes, I'm here.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Sorry, I was just switching my place so that we can talk about this. So, Bastian, we have to close. So from a status perspective, let's pull up the slide we discussed today's weekly status, and we'll start from there one by one so that they're outlined.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Approach, they all need to look like this. Key activities, etc. Let's look at something. So let me share my screen.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
These are the documents status we shared right today in the weekly status. So PID, the document right now is in our lap. We need to send it to approval. And for us to send it to approval, we need to review and close on all the comments. I've asked for a meeting with Murugan tomorrow for all the points which will need further discussion. But before that meeting, we need to make sure that all the comments which we think we can answer are answered, so that in the meeting with Murugan, we can talk about the specific points and get approval for BRD.

 Okay. Now, similarly for supply, maintenance, supply chemicals, we've concluded a discussion with the ad hoc team, but we need to close up on some of the open items. So for supply, maintenance, and chemicals, these are all the points which are open with Ayesha. If you can check if these are waiting for Ayesha, will you be like, do we know if Ayesha would be available today? She was not available today, right?

 Does it out of a sim when she will be back? If it's not going to be back, then we need to reply to those comments and get approval based upon the replies.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So these are only eight comments. Do you think we can reply to this comment side of it? By the way, you're not audible.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Hassan Hassan and I'm being very honest because I told you these are the two points now drilling BPD we've already discussed through the comments because I think we review most of them yeah so for for drilling we've reviewed and I see you also reviewed so we don't need to go through the drilling document now okay the only document we need to go through first is supply time because this is something we discussed today right So we have discussed today, we need to change some content.

 So let's align on what content we need to change so that GoSCM team can work on some of the content. And then if this are related to Ayesha, then you and me can work on the comments on Ayesha. So means we only need to review the BRD supply planning and the BPD supply time with GoSCM team.

Bastian Osorio:
Can we start by BRD?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
For the WBS, I'll say that we will keep this item, this open. Until technical confirmation. So rather than saying we'll keep this open, technical team is reviewing the feasibility.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So let's look forward. The feasibility.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Till that time this item would be marked as open. What you're telling me is this is not in the summary slide but those activities. We will move this item to open item. That's different from the RF. The RF is below. We will move this to open list. Mobile devices so we need to also to name them like this and the same comments can be you can put the same comment across all the points related to any tablet devices mobile whatever this is what is this from asia should also generally procured so I think first The system should also generate a procurement plan for the items which can included under LTP.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
The system would... Generate. Yeah. Thank you.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
But having.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you hear me?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yes, so it'll be an office in trade of the box. These features must be the spot of attention. These are actually very different features, like we were talking today. If we're excluding them, it needs to be clear.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3:
I can't hear you, although I can hear Namani very loud.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, because we're in the same room and Namani is having a different call. So if you can hear me, are you okay with this comment?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, I mean, this is very, I think, basic.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, I just want to make sure that we are aligned on everything.

Bastian Osorio:
So let's proceed with this. So just to be sure that we are on the same page, what we're saying basically is that the system will generate a procurement plan, and then that procurement plan will be translated into PR or STOs and even for materials that have an agreement. My question then will be for those materials that have an agreement, what is it going to happen in S4HANA?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
What should be the solution?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
which are having agreements. So there is something called call of orders. Essentially, in the same agreement, you push the quantities of the PR. So you're not creating agreement, but you are kind of consuming it. So you're adding additional quantities to the agreement.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So that's it.

Bastian Osorio:
Next, what are the next points?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let's look at open comments. Yeah, everything is open. Including the ones related to AI and others?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Should we for separate chemicals, yeah?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
No, this is B. OK, we are looking at BPD. I thought we were looking at BRD. BPD chemicals is out.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, then let's look at the BRD.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah. Should we just double check?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let's align tomorrow with the team asthma. So we have this meeting, right? So, in that meeting, this can be reviewed by the mute.

Bastian Osorio:
What is eMarket? Well, I assume electronic market, but... It's not electronic market.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
It's eMarket. I think they have this marketplace from where they can connect with vendors. They can issue the RFQs and Sorry, I'm just checking. Yeah, thank you. The comments need to prepare. Are those updated?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Master data wasn't something mentioned here, but there's something here. System, identify the fast mode and supply plant related LTP.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Increase the order. This is open on us. We could not get I'm talking about the other point, the two comments on AI. Sebastian, you replied on the AI comments.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
For one of the comments, for the first one, we need the rules. We need to define what are the rules that will make, let's say, what you do internally.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3:
Procurement plan to be recommendable, sort of say, for a LTPA.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Okay. At least to do peer mapping so that we have it.

Bastian Osorio:
Let's say if you have more than X amount in one year per month, then LTPA will be recommended. Or, you know, these kind of rules.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, noted.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I saw your comment, so I think this is good enough for us to proceed. It's related to repairable. Is this updated?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3:
Yeah, the repairable is also updated.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Or if it's easy or not complicated, we can present separation in this slide. Again, I just want to make sure sure that they're covered or- You are going too fast for it. One item on its own, on the outbound process inputs issue, while they singled out. So are we 100% sure that this is the case? Let's double check. So there is nothing in that business. So this is regarding this part. Now, for the scope part, other than adding first proposed item based on insurance, rotated repairability.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
You had it there, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Where is that proposed item?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
It was removed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
No. OK. What I'm not fully covered yet is what I highlighted. That was the first point. Click on the first point.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah. Yeah, it's point number three, repeatability.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
We can do this, or this is in scope or out of scope. They're very clear. Yes, we wanted them ASAP, which are the support complex, the decentralized values are top-technical migration.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah. Here, the comment was supposed to be updated, right? What we are going to discuss for our discussion in the morning. Is this comment updated for Abu Bokar and Murugan?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Asma's comment is updated.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Which comment are you referring to? This is replied. So if you remember in the morning we discussed about repairability. So does it need any comment updated in this table?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I don't know. You're empowered.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Also we looked at some of the points which we have blanked.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Can you click and see more?

Bastian Osorio:
I think those two comments relate with each other. Because as my saying, okay, material learning. But, okay, that's, of course, too generic.

Naamani, Mohamad:
What we need is two things.

Bastian Osorio:
I mean, this is my understanding, and correct me if I'm wrong, please.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We need first, somehow, like, the time to use it for tools prepared that say we need to stop it.

Bastian Osorio:
So, I don't know how to say, hours, consume hours. And after these consumable hours, we need to repair it, and then those hours go back to zero. And then what we need is like a counter that counts the numbers of times that this equipment or this part has been repaired. And if those counts is exhausted, then there's no way to repair it anymore.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, so you're right.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
And that's where the comment should be like, with proper input data, the mean time between failure and average number of repairs for the replacement can be estimated. So I think this comment is right. So basically we are waiting, we need the input if IBP has to predict.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
so I think the comment is correct so the point I was trying to make is so this differentiates here this go to point number five this is deleted right so this is related and we are saying this is open then here we need to reply saying that the same comment needs to repeat here as well. What's the comment that we should? The comment you've mentioned in the, your comment, in the comment you've mentioned as replied to Hazrat Khan.

 I can see the comment, your comment, which is there.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
insurance, right?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
The same comment needs to be mentioned here, right?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
If I understood you well, these are list of processes, these are not functionalities, these are flows, right? So this is a document progress plotter, and this is what we're explaining. If at no point here, referring to the offline mode. But this is offline RF mode data. Hassan, I'm following your logic. You're saying, okay, Mohammed, you're being picky. But even if it's not listed here, although I think, first of all, we noticed those two So, maybe we'll create.

 Yeah. These are fillers lines, right? To enable offline processing capability for the remote, we propose implementing a first point.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Can you go to page number 13?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Just before this, when you explain, this is finished slide for this. 13 points, number three.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
That you're setting up the offline. Page number 13, point number three.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So, nothing here should be referred to as, this is an aberration and illustrative to explain something. So, offline processing. Page number 13. For me, these are. 13. These are. Why are they saying point? We are nine and that's the dollar here. So, here we explain. What are we going to do? And then each of those could be zoomed in. Okay. You had it. We are disappointed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
The steps that we're referring to, we explained that we do. Go to point number 13. It was not refreshing me. Go to point number three on 13.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So you cannot trust Stereo. This is three. Go to 14.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I think the order has changed. Go to 14.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Because, I mean, and you add one more reason, because at the back of that, you have a point number three. So whatever we have to include it. No. Scroll down. Yeah, the point number three.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
The requirement is not clear.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
If you push back, then that's it. The idea is, at any point, this is our business. That's the reference. I'm not complaining or anything.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
I'm being picky because it's part of us. This is our problem.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So we need to reply to this comment from Google. We discussed this in the morning, right? It's a known requirement for dealing with the model code from demand phase until PR phase.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So whatever Murugan has mentioned, we've agreed, so we just need to reword this in line with what Murugan has mentioned.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
This activity, the hardware setup decentralization involves configuring a distinct group of servers, networking devices, other hardware components that are essential for the system integration to support and look at setting up the hardware required. This in itself is an activity. Are we assuming this? I don't want to say I'm not sharing. Okay, so. You see, Hagan, at no other, in none of the other slides, we refer to what we do in the algorithm.

 Is what I'm saying making sense, or will it disagree even? But the requirement is the same.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, but we accept, we agree to it, and try to summarize it. That system will map. So basically, a system must facilitate inventory mapping between generic and branded code, right? Yeah. So demand would be on generic code, and then supply would be on branded code where we have branded code and if branded code does not exist then the supplier will be in generic code.

Bastian Osorio:
I haven't seen that situation.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm wondering if this requirement makes sense.

Bastian Osorio:
What we have seen so far is that all the bombs, all the demand is already allocated to a VMI code.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So this is 95% of cases, all the murders are through VMI. And only 5% of cases, there is no VMI. So that's why we don't see a lot of data. But for sure, the scenario exists.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
That's what the team confirmed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So the system must accommodate scenarios like when the middle court has that in mind. It's not mentioned that we should enable demand and supply planning for genetic models while supporting a program based on biological system support. OK, let's take this out. Whatever you added, delete that in the first box. And we need to update the fourth box correctly, because the requirement is clear. The requirement is not clear.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
This will require workaround, and then be able to switch to VMI model. You can simply say accepted or noted. So it should be here, and then you zoom in.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We can explain to him in the meeting, because it's the same stuff.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Just keep it noted.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Just reply to the command noted.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So I'm not just using the rule. I'm not explicitly saying, if one was not here, we would not have made it. Let's keep it and then end the talk. If he's there, answer the question.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
OK, cool. OK, cool. Then beyond this, I don't think we have anything else on the BRD.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
How does it work? Which means we're saying, everything else is replied.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So BRD is complete. So let's go to the, let me share my screen and we'll go through the supply planning for – this is what we discussed today, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
They have accepted the opportunity to make a village.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So anyway, I think that that was the key message and definitely rather than don't Don't ask me what I would like to see, Hassan. I will replay it or throw it in your lap. The simple thing is not what you'd like, but make sure that technical migration is covered properly in the right and relevant slides, because it could be. Part of it is in preparation. This is something we discussed last time. We said there are some activities that cut across.

 So, for example, some Yes, exactly. If the purpose of this one is basically this, so migration approach, migration strategy. So this is the point where we need to update the content. Here you're referring to the five-step migration approach and data migration strategy.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Here, the content is more related to drilling, rig site, onshore, offshore. So all this content is not applicable.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
of activities and deliverables to include new activities.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let me take a snapshot and put it in the chat so that someone from GoSM team can look at this content.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Arun will be updating this content? Yeah. It could be also in preparation in the setup. Hardware setup may be only in the first one. Data migration across WM setup, migration current warehouse, this could be part of the migration. Adding new warehouse, it could be only at the end. Handheld, again. So if I'm the client, I would like to make sure, and at one point what you can do is a simple mapping.

 Say these are the nine or ten areas that you mentioned, and the way we're covering that in our slides is that – actually, we do this sometimes. It's a matrix of an RFP, because someone will be saying, okay, guys, you made things complicated, maybe – Can you tell him he's in the – Yeah, this is – I'm not sure how – and maybe you do a bbd supply page number for example 10 right so each of those items you have a table and where did you cover those activities uh so that would be yeah this is one we need to check then let me go

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
back to document there is no rick side right so if he updates the, so also we need to update the, only in less than this, not in the actual activities.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So offline capability. Discuss with the content related defined period and the activities considered in time.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So here, essentially the period is missing, right? What is the period of short term? Here when we say six months to five years, the period, so here I've mentioned period, right? So that period is also missing. So that's one thing. This is discussing time-relevant for time-stored location is to be used for supply planning. For time, the location-relevant is time-stored location.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So the content has to be updated. For storage location. So.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Please update.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So this is another example, like we refer you to here. So in preparation, we do set up an application of Tricep.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Logically, we have another one that can be an eye to the individual. So one, two, three, four.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Now, another thing that I have also done is to change location. Please update the SLOG information shared by Read.AI in the PPT. Some of this will change the scope whether it's Manoj or any other family, I don't care. Because when you get the next SOW, it is one plus plus. So if now we're at the number, and then we add something, fine. We already discussed it. I'm chasing SAP to get that. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, man.

 I'm sure that we have the core. But at least, let's make sure we have enough for the right foundation. In the same, Adnan pushes to consolidate client-side concepts and to find major regional warehouses, state of the art, right? But I think, yeah, plus you need to check other than within the matrix. So maybe, for example, the offline, you have an illustrative, but you need to add it as an activity file.

 What about this, for example? It's future-ready. And they're saying what future-ready means. And we start with future-ready.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
OK, additional point is we discussed that we will add the table.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
to show how the supply planning looks like, right? Yeah. It's the future plan.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Here, it's somewhere here. This is needed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
We set this up.

Bastian Osorio:
Supply planning.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I think we need to mention it. Yeah, here. We put that in there.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Supply planning. Yeah, I'm doing that supply planning sample. Because this is how I started. Make sure that- Learning sheet.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Because there are sections of change management, project management, et cetera. You don't want to miss it.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let me put this as red so that this has to be reviewed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Even if you didn't have a niche and you have a new subcontractor now, you have the full config now.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
This is page number 14.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Can you please add sample running sheet for supply running for die in as example example in this in supply on page 2 What was the page 14? OK, this is the end. Additional points I would like to add to comment is from Mohammad Asik.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Mohammad Asik.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Can you add more content highlighting how IBP address below a requirement.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Now, whether we mentioned a need in terms of existing warehouses or not, I don't know. There's no actual requirement. So, you might need to check and ensure warehouses because I'm not worried about being able to add files, master data for my word apps, what this means, store locations, layout, so on and so forth, right? Logically, if I'm doing the scope, I would say for Windows 5 warehouses.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so if we are able to address these four points, Bastian, then the time supply planning document would be updated, completed. The only point, Bastian, here is that we are still having, somewhere I saw there is still some drilling-related content. Similarly, we take an assumption or we have to ask a question.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Because we asked previously questions and we got the answers, now we will ask a little bit.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
There is no...

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
But the idea is because... That may be right.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So, what's the comment? So, this location tying is only applicable for onshore. So, offshore and soar grass I'll delete this.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
And then material allocation plan is not applicable for tying, right? So, the statement has to be corrected. Because the material allocation plan is something which is a term for the link.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Let me assign it to newcomer at the rate Arun. Since you're already breaking this down. Okay, so I'm assigning this to Arun. So storage locations, all warehouses here, could be 49, 62, blah blah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Because there are a lot of places where the drilling reference comes.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Logically, this would be 49, those would be 62 that we're promising. And then here, you would see, you would say whatever you got. VMI. X out of the total. So that you're not committing, because here it's 99 storage locations. Are we covering? So, you see for example, this number is very difficult compared to online. So, you need to give this at least a good three, four hours, if you're comfortable.

 I'm sure most of you are there.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Some of you are not. It is the supplier who will fulfill the demand. No, no, no, sorry.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
It's cool. 62 out of 1,000, et cetera. That's who VMI managed. Out of scope. But in that slide, the reason we jumped to it, This is closed. Arun will update this.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
And I think if we are able to address these points, then tie-in supply planning will be done. So I think we are good now. Bastian, just need help with tie-in supply planning. So tie-in supply planning is done. We've discussed about. So let me go back to this Excel sheet so that we are all aligned. Give me five more minutes, two more minutes. So we reviewed the BRD. We have session tomorrow. We reviewed these two documents, so we reviewed drilling supply planning.

 We have session tomorrow. We reviewed the BPD. The demand is still red because we have not received comment, but at least BPD supply time we have reviewed, and if you can share the comment. So what I want to do is by end of the day tomorrow, whatever is in process from our side we are closing it and we're sending across to adnok so that the document uh is ready for approval I want to put yes an email sent to adnok tomorrow so that thursday and friday we can follow up with them for approval okay yes so yeah okay then uh let me know in the chat once you are done so that uh we can clean up the document and send it and give this confirmation on email to mohammed ashik then Yeah.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
One more thing, Barshad. You sent an email today regarding the workflow.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
There are a few questions from Khalid. Can you answer those today so that tomorrow morning when I'm meeting Khalid, I can confirm those answers to him?

Bastian Osorio:
Let me see which questions.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Let me share my screen and share the email which I've sent to you.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, this is what? It was from AdNoc email.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So this is from AdNoc email. So basically they want to know whether be based upon HR data and if the separate configuration made.

Bastian Osorio:
Will workflow decision be based on SAP? No, I don't even know what's that.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
HR. No. So and then if we'll have in IBP then if some user has a task say process management tool we are using for workflow and if you assign a task to a user but the user is not available then how the will get delegated to a different user. Who will do it?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3:
I mean, there is a chance to put two responsibles, and if one is not there, then the other one can take it.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, but then suppose I'm the only person responsible, and I'm on leave. So someone will cover up for me when I'm on leave. So how does someone change that to one person responsible to another? We started on last time but I think we need to use a good question so these dates so that's where I have sent this email so if you can like review this internally and confirm how this will happen because

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
this is our dear friend murugan has raised this because it's not actually this can you send me that please let me send it again to you forward and the pricing sheet are the full rates. The moment you start applying for the fund GN, it induces it. So, the only way...

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so I've sent it back to you. So, please help me reply to that question. ...are never applied.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
That's why the only way you can get to the real number and it's... Okay, Arun is taking care of the... ...which is our rules. We include every single person and the hours and the pricing sheet.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so if we can update in the chat, then that would be great.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
you Oh. Thank you.

Bastian Osorio:
you you Yeah. You Bye.

