UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello, everyone.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Rahul is in Amani with you?

Patel, Rahul:
He is in SKC, but since he was in a different call, I'm not left with a check.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
He's here in SKC.

Patel, Rahul:
He's next to me. We'll be switching to this call.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'll show you in a few minutes. You can in a few minutes. Check the email that Bastian sent.

Patel, Rahul:
I don't like what he did. But I'll, I'll, I'll He's joining in a few minutes.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All right, so until he does, let's not overcomplicate this call. Raul, you mentioned two risks yesterday that you wanted us to track on our list of risks on Excel. So Tara, if you can keep a note of this. What's up with these two risks.

Patel, Rahul:
Before we get into, yeah, Tara can you show up those risks because of all the different activities I kind of lost track of what risk I was talking about, sorry.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, no issues.

Patel, Rahul:
Do you have those two risks listed, Tara?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's two risks. Wow.

Madhavan, Tara:
Can we pop up this risk tracker Excel therapies?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I can't.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'm on my phone. But if we can, just to see if Rahul is duplicating his risks or not. I just want to make sure that we capture whatever was on his mind yesterday during In case it's something we need to track or not.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Madhavan, Tara:
But I'm still not clear which two risks I'm supposed to check.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I don't know. And from the looks of things, Rahul doesn't know either.

Patel, Rahul:
All right. Let me go back to the thoughts. Let me check if I can recollect. Tara, can you pull up the REST list? Just to make sure.

Madhavan, Tara:
On the screen? On the screen, yeah. Can you give me like five minutes? I'm just reaching home.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Patel, Rahul:
Let me pull it up. It's in the projects, the PMO folder, right? Yes.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's in the PMO folder common with us and GoS.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let me pull that up. Yeah, that's the one.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's try and make it a point.

Roumanos, Hadi:
6.30 if we can.

Rocio Minguillon:
I have another call after that. Okay, so I have it. Do you want me, Rahul, too? Share my screen or no it's fine I have it.

Patel, Rahul:
I really don't I'm not I don't think that those were documents so let me think through it and probably I'll update tomorrow Hadi to you separately Because I don't see that anything in the list which we have not discussed or anything new in that list, which means. Give me some time and probably tomorrow morning I'll connect separately with you if there is anything specific, but today I would like to talk about two different risks which let me add to the tracker as well.

 While I have I have opened with me. The first first new risk which is identified today. Yes, so coach book.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
The one I recall yesterday you were talking about was I think data validation that Adnog is stressing upon.

Patel, Rahul:
Data analysis. Yes, yes. Yeah, so let me share my screen and I'll add those rest at the end.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We didn't start yet with the original list with checking if there's anything new because I just saw Bastian's email and I need I have a question on this.

Patel, Rahul:
We can start with that with Bastian email and then we can go into risks.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Now if the first item on the list Hadi is the data store, Bastian is that what your email is about?

Patel, Rahul:
Is Bastian on the call?

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, you're muted, Bastian, or we can't hear you. What? Can you say the question again, sorry?

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm asking, the email I saw now from you, is it related to the data store that we were discussing the issue? Yeah, absolutely. Are you in touch with Kunal and the team? So a couple of things. The and the SAP team. Plus, Paola was on the weekly call, so it looked a bit out of sync. That's why I'm asking. I understand it's critical, and I know yesterday you noticed that for me it was top priority we need to push.

 But also to get the full support, whether from Khaled or to push with Suleyman from SAP, let's make sure we're on the same page. Because right now I had to add everyone who's not there, which is not ideal, especially Khaled. Having Kaiser without Khaled where we need his support is not that ideal. So I understand the urgency and that basically you need this for the workshops either during the day during workshops or now we can agree on it.

 And part of the action is we need to ask SAP because Kunal is already in touch with multiple parties and I'm not sure how much we are in sync. That's my comment here. If you have a question, Bastian, or anyone, let me know.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, I know.

Bastian Osorio:
I understand that for all of us, it's a priority. And all the team have been chasing a little bit. I understand that because we want to solve this as soon as possible. But the answer is not, will not come from him because not the expert in this area, so we need to have an SMP. Why is ADNOC chasing Sagar? No, I mean they're chasing just the team in general to address this, but he's not an expert in this area, in this firewall SNC thing, so we need to come with an SAP expert.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah and that's what so between what what we know so between Kunal and the team and also what we briefed Khaled on today anyway and the email is sent let's agree now since Hadi this is I'm assuming top of the list what is needed but I'll let Kunal brief us on the latest. Yeah so for since Bastian is saying we need SAP for sure. I'll let you update us and let's agree what is on top. In addition to this email, what are the keys?

 Next actions one or two based also on the chat with Khalid we had this morning. Or not to chat weekly, still weekly update. Right, right, sure, yeah, sure more so and if you had a chat offline with with Khalid here in this case, I have an update Kunal share his feedback and then I'll confirm that.

Patel, Rahul:
Then you and then we'll agree on an action.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So also Bastian and the team are in the loop then move to the next stage. Go ahead Kunal please. Yeah sure Mohan.

Sheth, Kunal:
So just to clarify on the Bastian email that is nothing to do with IBP data store where we are stuck up for integration between IBP and S4 HANA. This is the risk mitigation which we are doing. Along with the IBP data store. So SAP recommended to implement certificate-based SNC. The couple of steps they have provided. So today, Sagar and Kaiser and Mustafa has implemented those steps. But still, it is not working.

 So then, based on that, Sagar has reverted to that Paola. And Bashir also would like to involve the SAP so that we can get it through this risk. Related to the IBP data store, where we are not Just just for my understanding.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, this is not related to the data store. What is it related to?

Sheth, Kunal:
This is related to the two risk which was raised by sentiments.

Patel, Rahul:
Action yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Let me ask you the following because a bastion is telling SAP that this is causing delays. Now if I want to pick my battles with SAP or give basically get their attention. If they have a limited bandwidth or attention, wouldn't I go for their attention on the data store, since this is related to SDD, where we have a bit more time versus the data store. I know they're both not in good shape, but if I have to pick, wouldn't I push them for the data store to fix it, or there's nothing they need to do on the data store?



Sheth, Kunal:
No, no. See, for the data store, let me brief you. For data store, we don't need any SAP support, because Now, we have figured it out. There is a firewall issue. So once the request is approved by the risk and compliance team, then network team will open the firewall and then we'll be able to communicate between IVP and S4. So that is totally different topic related to the SDD. So if you remember, Khalid has also followed up on the email with Chanchal Rastogi from AdNoc risk and compliance team to provide his announcement.

 Once we get her approval, then I need to follow up with the AdNoc network team to implement the firewall request.

Patel, Rahul:
So the latest update on it is that the risk and compliance approval is received. And now it's only awaiting firewall teams confirmation whether they have updated the firewall. So I request you to take this. Can you confirm while we are on the call that the ticket shows endorsed? Of the risk and compliance, and it is now in Firewall team's lab so that we can follow up with Firewall team. If this last action is completed more, then I think this issue will get resolved and we will have interface live.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, I would like Hadi to update it, but Hadi, at least I'm on my phone. This is not the IPV, it's number one, I think it's... I'm on the phone as well, Raoul is updating. But where is that data store?

Patel, Rahul:
This is the number, 67. This is what I'm highlighting. Can you see?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, OK. We have it logged in already.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Your update?

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, I've updated REST teams, compliance team, approved awaiting confirmation from firewall team.

Sheth, Kunal:
Rahul, do you know to whom it is being assigned currently? Because I asked from the network team is on leave. So maybe we can get in touch with other guy who can help us to implement this firewall request.

Patel, Rahul:
I don't know. I don't have confirmation. Probably we can check with Khalid. Before leaving, Khalid confirmed me that he has received confirmation or endorsement from Resident Compliance. And it's now only due with firewall team to open the firewall. So the action is now the final action requested is required by the firewall team. That's the last update I have from Khalid before he left.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Right.

Sheth, Kunal:
Because day before yesterday, Ayaz told us that once it is endorsed by them, then getting I will implement this request.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I think what we can do tomorrow morning. First thing I mean on the 9 AM will align everything needed and then 930 with Khalid. I think this update is relatively new to you or I mean we're going in the right direction to help us and Build data that the data we need for right? Right, right, yes, absolutely OK. Now moving to SDD since that's what Bastian is about which definitely is also important to close those things so that we're ready for SIT.

 I think SDD is or those things related under the SDD umbrella are more SIT.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah on SDD currently a couple of steps SAP has provided. So along with AdNoc team we have started implementing but still it is not working based on their recommendation. So actually we are running in So it is better to involve SAP expert.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, no. I agree. And that's why I told Bastian it's good. But let's make sure everyone is copied now. For whomever didn't attend the weekly, today Khaled was a bit not happy because that data store thing, although we were highlighting, but he didn't know it's that critical, causing delays. Because I think after the baseline, he wants to eliminate any opportunity for delays. So based on this, For SDD, I think today in the weekly, correct me if I'm wrong, Raoul and Hadi, we didn't say SDD has reached a dead end yet, or that bad, let's say, update from Bastian and Kunal.

 I don't think that was the message. Now, having learned from the data store situation, let's make sure we align. Now we can, I mean, since we're on that SDD item, let's get the latest update. Whether what Bastian is facing and Kunal is referring to. So if we want to raise it like the DS, the data store thing, to Khaled tomorrow, we'll agree on this now, if my point is clear. So Kunal, is this the case?

 Whatever we, sorry Raoul, whatever we reported today was a bit understated versus the situation with SDD, right?

Patel, Rahul:
But this is probably the development after the weekly, so... No, no, it's fine. I'm not saying why we didn't.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm saying based on... Let me...

Roumanos, Hadi:
I haven't sent the email regarding the weekly, so I can draft the email with you, Raoul, to accurately report the status of SDD. But let's be cautious.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We can tell Khaled that after the weekly it happened, so it doesn't look like we're adding something to the meeting minutes that hasn't been But the idea now, maybe, so Kunal and Bastian, are you both in sync on this? Can we agree what is the action here, including post the email? So I can talk to Suleiman, Paula was on the call. Tomorrow we have a daily with, or the morning with Khaled, and let's agree, Kunal and Bastian, what would be the action on top of the email.

 I added Khaled now, so he's aware of it. What do we need from

Patel, Rahul:
So just one clarification I need from Kunal. So Kunal, we have updated SAP SDD document internal in the RIDM and mitigation action is updated. But whatever mitigation action we have updated, SAP's input is not working in the direction we expect, correct? Right, right. All right. So SDD may get conditionally approved, But then if you're not able to get the solution finalized as we have updated, eventually it will get rejected.



Sheth, Kunal:
And Rahul, one more point is that certificate-based SNC target date of completion we have gained by end of this Friday. And still, we don't know the suggestion which SAP has provided will work or not. So maybe it might get extended, the target date.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, that's fine. Yeah, so that's why we'll raise this now. This is now beyond our control. And we see risk. We are talking about completing build probably in two or three weeks, which means if we are not able to solve in next two weeks, it becomes immediate delay. So we should start highlighting immediately. And considering that SAP will take its own time, we will have to highlight this immediately and get the SAP support to probably have a – there is something called premium support which is required.

 From SAP which is a chargeable support which Kaiser was talking about that I think has to be now incurred by AdNob to solve this issue on time.

Sheth, Kunal:
Right right and in today's technical status call so Paola has also joined and we have updated that and she also asking that if any support required from SAP side please let us know so that she can internally expedite and get it done.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So have you updated the support ticket from SAP with the comments so that it's on SAP side?

Patel, Rahul:
Is SAP aware that the solution is not working? Yeah, it is already updated by Sagar. Okay, support ticket updated. Okay, let me put it this way, so that now the ball is in SAP's court, the ticket has all the required information, and we seek support from SAP to resolve this ASAP. All right.

Naamani, Mohamad:
The action you're referring to, let's make sure Bastian and Sagar are with us now, we're on the same page, so if we ask Khaled for more support, there is nothing that we're missing. Bastian, Sagar, are we okay? At least, can you confirm this is what you had in mind Bastian uh since it seems paula is also on standby yes okay so we have an action here I hope this will produce or yield results quickly back to

Roumanos, Hadi:
you hadi with the remaining list so uh reviewed I just want to make sure we capture that all your your two risks again I don't know if you had the chance to cover this while I was away yeah so

Patel, Rahul:
No we are going through this so do you want more let's go through this critical list and then we'll go to the the new risk which I have identified all right so drilling demo I think we are on track it's it's a it's already in process I'll follow up again tomorrow End users, I think, as per the discussion with Asma, team has already sent the template. Team has sent the template. And I'd like to confirm, for AdNoc to confirm the end-users.

 Now, Kyle, what I understand here, the risk is that they are saying it will take two weeks for them to confirm the end-users? Yes. Actually, the template hasn't gone out.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
That's dependent on the memo. So Tarek informed me that he sent the memo to us, my team, but they still need to review it. So hopefully that'll go out tomorrow with the template. But then also Tariq said that it could take up to two weeks for the bigger AGCs to provide the details.

Patel, Rahul:
And I did tell him that this is... It can take up to two weeks. So probably we need to align with Khalid that we can... If it takes two weeks, what all things it impacts?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Well, it's affecting strategy which we need to start thinking about how we're going to do it that's the main priority for us which has an impact on yeah but then if the training strategy is delayed by while we work

Roumanos, Hadi:
on the content will it impact any of the project milestone or critical path my only concern is we need to align on this how we treat each of the end-users or buckets of end-users early on so that we can validate this with AdNoc. That's my only concern here. The more this gets pushed, the more we risk someone getting back to us, like Khaled, saying, no, I don't agree with this training strategy, and then we're dead in the water.

 So it doesn't impact build activities per se, but it might delay them in the sense that they might agree or not agree on the training strategy that we have.

1Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, exactly.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Go ahead.

Rocio Minguillon:
No being aligned with APNOC. That's the big risk because, yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I agree.

Patel, Rahul:
So we'll have to escalate this with Khalid tomorrow morning again to seek support from ASMA to not take two weeks. And what is the best? So we also spoke this. And we clearly mentioned it cannot take weeks. It has to be in days, but it it looks like we need to reiterate this message with team to make sure that does not take two weeks.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So so let's do one thing. OK, well, are you referring to the case related to whether the approval of Be removed or not, and the forecast will be approving so on and so forth. Audience or the size of the team that will be involved, that's your point? Yes, that's the point. I have a suggestion here to break this deadlock. Can we know, I mean, yeah, we emphasize today that this cannot take weeks, it needs to be ASAP, because Bastian and the team are closing the, or finalizing the build as we speak, so it has to be and sick.

 Now, let me suggest something to get out of the deadlock. Can we say, like, correct me if I'm wrong, when we showed the Excel sheet yesterday, we had certain areas that were identified in the list of users, while this one was one of the biggest problems, correct? So the rest for some areas, at least we have an idea, maybe not 100% an answer, and here, Kyle, correct me if I'm wrong, but this one we're going in circles.

 Is that the correct understanding before I suggest my option? Okay, now we know...

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
There's a few more for training, but that we're working on and hopefully we'll get them locked tomorrow.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah, if they are, let's say, we're almost there, exactly. If this is the deadlock, let me share my suggestion. Yeah, but we don't even expect a lot of impact from those areas, like we know that there are a lot of big teams. Yeah, my suggestion is the following. Raoul, based on the discussion today, I'm assuming we will have two options in terms of who will be the audience. And it will be this way, which would include too many people, or the other way, which would include less.

 How about we, in our training plan, we will say, since we have all the intersections, the different functions and business lines, and this one has two options. We can say, this is the training plan for the following groups, and for this intersection, demand, if I'm not mistaken. If we ended up choosing this scenario, then we should do this. If we ended up doing more of a representatives, not every end user, then this would be the plan.

 This way we do not hold everything hostage of this deadlock. And at the same time, we know that one of those two options will be applicable. It's not going to be that complicated. What do you think, Kyle and Rahul? If you understood my point, maybe the rest of the team are not getting into this level of details.

Patel, Rahul:
Is my point clear to start with? I think I'm clear, probably. Kyle, are you clear about what Mo is asking?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yes, I'm clear on that point, but I'm just, I'm not sure exactly how big those numbers could be, Mohamed, but yes, I understand what you're saying. That's what Raoul would help us with.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So Raoul, if you got my point, tomorrow we all here on SKC2, will tell, explain to Asma and Khaled that in order for us to proceed, I mean until we decide, we just need to proceed with this other thing that Kyle and the team are working on. What can we adjust as an idea? Because the magnitude of the audience will impact that training approach. Because if we have thousands, then it has to be online training and something.

 Or if it's a smaller that it becomes we train all of those end-users. I'll stop here let's add this as an action so that we can let's say we can add two options within the training plan related to this spending point and proceed to the other risks. Okay Raoul, I mean I should be here tomorrow but since we're on the same page you can also trigger the discussion with Asma and Khalid. Both of them know that and should be also out soon.



Patel, Rahul:
Users versus representatives. OK, Kyle. So Raoul will help with all the answers.

Naamani, Mohamad:
You can work on the different scenarios of the team.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK. Just a quick interjection from my part. Raoul, instead of spending additional time going through the risks that we already have, before I jump, I want to see if there's any additional risks that are not captured. Everybody knows this list by heart by now, or at least I hope so. So is there anything that we need to add to it based on the previous discussion yesterday?

Patel, Rahul:
Okay, so let's add those before I jump because again, I wanted to stop this at 6.30. On one condition that it will be also critical. So either we finish the remaining critical ones first and Raoul can share new ones, or if Raoul you have also critical ones, then we'll jump on that. Sorry, you can leave. Yeah. So essentially, the one risk which I would like to highlight is that we as in, I as in technical team has very limited visibility to the impact of the work or the open items which we have on the project timeline.

 When I say the impact of the activities, like let's take example that we have not received access to Buruj system. Now what is the date or end date for us to get access to Buruj system so that we are able to complete the build activities what we have agreed upon for the project. Now since I do not have visibility I the risk I am raising is we may be having a lot of open items and which are already delayed and we do not have the quantification even available because we don't know what is the cutoff date for us to complete the all the open items for us to build activities.



Naamani, Mohamad:
So valid Rahul, let me I mean maybe for the rest of the team give other examples. So I think Rocio and Sebastian definitely with the help of Bastian and the team can help us with. The point is let's take the case which Bastian is aware off. We're discussing with, uh, asthma and the team that point about approve forecast approval, removing from us for the reservation approval, so on and so forth. Now, uh, Bastian, you and Rocio, you can tell us or we need this input.

 That Okay, that's good.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We're discussing it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But guys, if you take two weeks, it will be too late, and it will delay us or you actually you do have a week. So for every case Now most of them are related to build but others could be related like the enable now could be related to the training plan or execution or even I mean could be with Kyle or with the also Bastian and Koshbu and the team. So the idea here it's important that we have that internal sync.

 Now we cannot resolve it now but the point is let's list the items where you need that visibility Raoul I can see enable now something that thing with asthma we need to know exactly by when we need that answer so Bastian can decide on the way he's changing or modifying the configuration unless he's doing both options would be available anyway so let me stop here Bastian the example of asthma is clear in terms of what does it impact your And then you can tell us with Rocio you how many days we have before we're asked to make the decision.

 We'll start with you and then we can talk about enable now, et cetera. Can you hear me?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Yeah. Now, now we can.

Bastian Osorio:
Now we cannot.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you? Yes.

Bastian Osorio:
Continue talking. Yeah. So, Here, when you say the ASTMAT requirement, you refer to what we were speaking yesterday, Rahul, with Vivek? The requirement that when the approvals go beyond a certain amount, it's required an approval that will get an EV? That's one of the point of oral discussion.

Patel, Rahul:
But the point is the demand management process on MRO, right? We say that there is this process where they have the approval of material derivation in S4 versus approval in IVP and then aligning the overall process in terms of all the different risks we have in demand management. For corrective.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, Bastian, the session you joined between the two workshops today at the beginning and then you left. You remember that big discussion that we're basically? Yeah, so our point is for those discussions. It's good that we're closed now. Asma said, OK, I will support. We'll take a decision. But we need to know for similar situations how many days we have so that we can get that decision done before it becomes a delay.

 Because you could tell us, guys, if you give me an answer in 10 days, I need to decide on the build or which route to take in the configuration.

Bastian Osorio:
As an example, maybe you tell us, look. I understand. I understand. Two things here so it depends first on the complexity of the requirement because I feel although we're getting closer to get a final definition we're not there yet and then having clear the requirement I will be able to provide like the effort and depending on the effort is how many days before the UIDs, we need to be ready with this.

 But honestly, I'm not that concerned. I know that in terms of configuration, with the help of the team, we can make it. For me, the more critical point is regarding the design of having a consensus regarding what is needed and how it will work. But then it's not, for me, in terms of I'm not concerned in timing. I'm concerned about we getting with the final definition of what is needed.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Agreed.

Patel, Rahul:
Exactly the point is how much time we have because we are on site here talking to AdNoc. What is the point if we don't close the definition after that point it will start impacting? You will not even have time to do configuration. It will impact the critical path.

1Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, here, can I say something? Yeah, this is what we talked yesterday, Rahul. I am totally aligned on that. So we have our configuration tracking. And on that configuration tracking, we also have some requirements that are open definition or open point. I don't remember now how do we call it. But it's like the open points that we are also tracking with you. So what you need. And now we are tracking it with priorities, that we have high, medium, and low.

 But today we didn't have our internal meeting yet because we couldn't, but we are going to have it after this. And what I would request to the team is exactly that. I mean, we have the high priority. For example, the definition of the supply network that we were talking with Vivek and his and some emails with Rahul and the rest of the team. I think that today you had a meeting. Well, so that is high priority.

 Priority, so we need to solve it at the end of the Sprint 1, because if not, then we can't continue in the Sprint 2 of supply. So I understand that that is exactly what you need. So yeah, we will.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Which is related also to what Bastian mentioned about, OK, the configuration he's not worried about, but he needs a closure on the design.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Exactly.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So telling us when we say closure on the design, because we knew that design might have some fine tuning. What does it mean Bastian when we say closure on design of wave one because also you we know all AdNoc by now that those decisions it will take a bit longer than logically it will take so Mo I think

Patel, Rahul:
we lost you yeah but but the point is exactly I think we're aligned Yes. I think we are aligned. The only thing is, since I don't have visibility, I'm not able to prioritize on whether I'm delayed, or whether I'll be delayed, or what's the impact of the actions we are trying to drive on the project timeline. I'm not able to put that picture together.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, we're on the same page. We logged this as a risk. Let's call it planning risk. You can book something uh to get the or at least now you can share the what you need with ratios and she will have an internal team and then she will give you the answers right Rocio yeah exactly so I think the point is clear raul rather than going through every one of them and discuss what they are let's just share that those items I think we we discussed the one for I think those items are really part

Patel, Rahul:
of our we already have that shared between us uh yes one one additional risk which I would like to highlight is the interface is down and we are getting a lot of data validation requests from AdNoc. Now example is we are seeing that the maintenance plans do not have metal location but then there is no number to it saying that okay you have 20,000 preventive plant metal out of 20,000, 19,900 do not have a maintenance plan, material location, and only 100 have.

 So this statistics which will allow us to push this communication through leadership, which is what even I know is requesting us.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Very clear, Raul. Shouldn't this be resolved with a data store thing or no, it's another thing?

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, but then that's one thing is getting connection set up. Second thing is how much time we'll need along with the build activity to get this analysis done so that we can communicate with that.

Bastian Osorio:
Sorry, I don't get what you're saying. I think he's saying once the data store thing is resolved, let's say it's tomorrow.

Naamani, Mohamad:
How much time after that you need to get the older data that we've been waiting for because we got blocked by firewall so that we can answer some of those questions raised during the workshops like yesterday or today. They were saying what is the split between this and that. You're missing material for or some work orders or whatever. Is it across the board? Is it all the records?

Patel, Rahul:
Is that correct, Raul? Correct, correct. Example is we are saying majority of model will be reorder point planning. What is the split between reorder point planning and continuous demand planning?

Bastian Osorio:
What do you expect? I can tell you right away if we fix that, I can give you the information in a few hours because we're already built the structure for that. Okay. Requirement that cannot be answered as fast as that one.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So it's a matter of, okay, so it's a matter of, once you have the data, it's a matter of hours to crunch the statistics and probably days to come up with the data.

Bastian Osorio:
No, but let's say the second part, the second part of the question. Yeah, that is the specific point, that is the specific definition, it will be just a matter of hours. But then, for example, regarding price, as you know, Rahul, the thing about the price is more complex, the integration logic. Don't talk about the lead time which is way more complex. We need to start working on that and we are blind now.

 I think it gets more complicated when we speak about wave two in terms of wave one. I'm more confident that we will be able to integrate everything once we get this data source up. I will say I'm confident that in a week we'll be able to at least have an initial version of everything required for wave 1. Whereas for wave 2, it's more complicated.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, let's put it this way. For wave 2 or wave 1, whatever we're having, if we close it tomorrow, we will be OK? Or still, I mean, you're already late, even if it's resolved today or tomorrow.

Bastian Osorio:
No, we're not late.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We're not late. We are or we're not?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We are not.

Naamani, Mohamad:
For wave two? How many days do you still have before you'd say, OK, guys, I need to start seeing the data. Give me a recover the DS firewall issue.

Bastian Osorio:
No, no, I mean, of course, as soon as soon as possible, but I'm I'm in the position to say we are not delay at this point.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, let me suggest the following. I think Raul, your point is clear and it would be multiple items. Kyle, the team might have something related to enable now that you also need visibility or they need to give you visibility so on and so forth. Let's add this brief for us on what you need or some of them we already got an answer now but better to get the full list but this is valid so that because now we don't know all the activities that are immediately on critical path back to the point we raised not everything will be critical, sorry, everything that is critical, not all of them will be, I mean, dissolved on the same day.

 Something tomorrow or something will have two or three days of a buffer or zero days or more. And that's the idea. We're making them more critical, but some of them are already burning. Some is already overdue. Another only has a day. Yeah. Okay. So guess this is Yeah, this is noted.

Patel, Rahul:
Let me move to one more risk which was identified today. I'm prioritizing it high because it has impact of scope creep. Essentially, ad-hoc drilling as an AGC has a sub-AGC in between which does the manufacturing and production of chemicals, and the chemicals are sold to ad-hoc onshore and ad-hoc offshore. Based upon my discussion I've told to that respective person that sorry you are already late in the current project timeline he was interested in knowing whether they can IBP can support this project but I've told him that based upon our understanding this is out of scope and wasn't Khalid and Asma there?

 No because no no this was something Kyle had this concern so we just went to understand what's the concern this person has and I clearly told him that this is something which is not part of our current deliverable scope and even if it is required it will go beyond the current project time.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I don't think it will be a scope creep until it's officially discussed in those workshops in the presence of Khalid and Asma because many people will have many questions on this like the one that talked to you Vivek about IBP relevance for another project so we cannot change the scope if someone interested to know if it's applicable, we can tell them yes. Ask them to talk to Asma and Khalid to see where it fits in the scope they had in mind.



Patel, Rahul:
So this is planning of chemicals metal only, but the process is different.

Naamani, Mohamad:
AdNoc themselves are selling chemicals. Rahul, I understand. But we have a limited bandwidth to entertain points.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Correct.

Naamani, Mohamad:
This is not a risk yet until we tell Khalid, please, we have this. Can you please talk to them? Because for us, it's out of scope or it's late in the game. So it's only a risk if they say, yeah, actually, we forgot to tell you, then we'll deal with it. Because at this point, we have enough to worry about. You'll have so many of those. I mean, it's just day one. We have five more days. And whether they are during the session or after, because we're physically here, you'll have those requests.

 Can we agree on this? I'm not going to spend time pushback saying, where is this coming from

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Sorry, can I ask a question? Because this was, his name is Anton, and he's from AdNocTrading, and he was identified as a focal point to have our initial discussions with. So we discussed this with him quite a while ago, and we had this, this point was also included in the CIA deck as well. So this point was brought up quite a while ago, so I don't know that has an implication on things.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Kyle, you and the team do not discuss scope. You discuss the agreed design impact from a change management perspective. So if he's saying, let's say now today you're doing change impact assessment, all the group companies, and out of nowhere, AdNoc distribution or another AdNoc that were not part of the game, they come and talk to you. So even if he's identified The point or the scope he's referring to is not something we already covered in the process that we have or the group companies, the intersection of functional and business lines, and specifically the AGC.

 So please, you need to refer or push people in our direction when they're discussing with you, not the impact of what you're telling. So you're telling them, look, I understood that this is what you have, and we'd like to know how many users you have, or based on your understanding, this is the change, do you agree? If they moved into a new scope element, then you need to refer them to us so that we can take this separately, so that you don't get stuck in this.

 Is what I'm saying in sync with what you are referring to? Because so far, no one raised this as a pending point, at least to my attention. Anton needs to come. And say, by the way, you're not giving me attention. I have the following. Or not, that's not your responsibility. Kyle, you're talking about change impact of approved design. If an approved school based on school, if there's something new.

 It needs a different route. Is anyone aware of what Kyle is referring to as a funding point before I jump to a conclusion?

Patel, Rahul:
No, I think today only I got to know about this when we this is he's building on the point I just mentioned the the scope clip from it okay yeah so I'm trying to I'm trying to tell you how

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
this came about it came about in an initial discussion with Anton um probably like a month month or two months ago he brought us up he didn't he just brought us up and then we had an understanding of it but then we didn't take it any further um and then when we had the first workshop this week he came up to this floor and he said oh the workshop went well um But I just want to discuss what we had discussed before and then I said I would I would get Raoul to speak to him and that's when I went with Raoul.



Naamani, Mohamad:
This is exactly what I'm referring to Kyle because at that time if you felt this is not not change management it's scope discussion you need to refer to him immediately to us so we can either kill that request because it's not in scope or include it in our case. At that time it stayed with you so no one else knew and he thought that you communicated it. That's the gap.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
We did bring this up, Mohamed, because when we were putting the change impact assessment deck together with the rest of the team, we have all these different operating model variants that we identified. And that is one of the items that was in the deck. So I mean, it has been brought up before. Maybe we didn't go into the detail that we spoke to Anton, and we need to go and speak to him. Has been brought up before?



Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm not honestly clear. Being brought up, it means if it's a risk, it's on our huddle. And if it's something, then you and the team are shouting because it's something new. If there's a difference between an item that's discussed and there is a new scope that was never entertained in design workshops versus you're discussing with the impact stakeholders for a typical change management assessment. I'm not sure when you say it was raised before, what does it mean?

 At least- No, it wasn't raised.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
We didn't raise it as a risk.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, if it's a change impact assessment, yeah, if it's a change impact assessment, Kyle, no one is reading the change impact assessment to check for risks. Everyone is reviewing it just to align with you that yes, correct. Of the change that for example more would say yes this is a step a new step or a new set of items for from a process perspective or if there is something related to what you're telling the new solution would do so on and so forth but if it's beyond this no one will spot it except you I'm being very honest because otherwise where we'll have to shadow you to see if someone talks talks about new scope as opposed to the existing scope.

 So at this point, we are where we are. But guys, please, I mentioned this multiple times, especially change management track, because you're probably physically here more or with some of the teams or maybe interacting with them. You need to be very not firm, very clear what you're covering. And then when there is something you're not comfortable with, even if you took it down, just immediately refer that person, say, how did this appear?

 And here's the team in charge of the scope. We'll discuss it further. Otherwise, we'll have, I don't know how this now will be resolved. We'll have to check it. But the quick answer now, let Anton Raoul talk to Khaled and then we'll take it from there.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Okay, clear. But I think we spoke to, I mean, Raoul spoke to him today and said this was out of scope and he was fine with that.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, okay. We need to jump. We need to jump. We need to jump into our daily call because we need to address some urgent issues.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, absolutely. Anything we need from Rocio, Bastian, et cetera, team? Because, Raul, you jumped to the new critical ones. Anything on the previous critical list that we need Rocio, Bastian?

Patel, Rahul:
Only one thing. When can we connect? After this internal huddle, can we connect? Yeah, give us 20 minutes, please. Alright, then after this ping me and I would like to align on the things what we discussed today with us months and then minutes to the team today.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So let's connect after once you are available.

Patel, Rahul:
Thank you. Thank you, thanks. Do you want to talk about the risk related to? Uh, enable now.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Uh, at this point it's not a risk rather more of an action in the tracker, so we have reached out to SAP. We have the integration guide and the steps. I have looped Yamini on this and also Sagar. As well as I've checked with Khalid who can support us from Madnox side in case we need So we are trying to establish this integration so that...

Naamani, Mohamad:
Kushbu, are we copied on those emails? Hadi, Tara and myself, are we copied on those emails for communication or it's calls?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
The one we sent to SAP, probably not, but I can look...

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, no, please, let's make sure everyone, the governance team especially, so that... Just because right now you're giving us an update, I don't know Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So any of those communications would be good if we're included, just in case we need to help at some point, then we have a track of what's going on.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Raoul, question. Again, before I drop, of the critical items that we have, did we cover all of them? Or is there something that we still need to discuss in the list that we have?

Patel, Rahul:
Maybe. We'll take another minute to quickly go through it, just to make sure we are not missing anything. So critical ones.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Just give us a minute. Yeah, I just want to make sure that we're covering the critical ones that we have.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And then we'll get back to you. No, I'll add one thing, actually. Also, let's not assume maybe something in the high between yesterday and today became critical. I might be exaggerating. But Hadi, I'll let you double check. If we don't want to cover them now, let's cover only critical.

Roumanos, Hadi:
that the me do something. Let's bring it up with Firas in the morning. Rahul, that's an action on me. And let Rahul deal, let Khalid deal with Firas on this.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Sorry, Rahul, can I just comment on that? Because the template is going to go out tomorrow for the end users, and that's not including LNS. So they're not going to send it out to LNS. So if they are going to be included, LNS is out on that template because the team over here doesn't want to send it out.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So one more reason for the 9.30 with Khalid to say Khalid you need to handle this.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah. Kyle let's be in touch you and I tomorrow before you send this out please.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Patel, Rahul:
All right, data store we discussed, MRO chain management we've already discussed this with Spark till we have the conclusion on the end users and the change impact, but we have agreed about having two scopes. So let's, I think we need to reconcile all the different activities which are related to this MRO into a single bullet and track it at once. So that's something we'll do to do this. Guru GRP access, Tara we've raised this request.



Roumanos, Hadi:
I saw I saw a request from Tara earlier today. Tara, that's done.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, sorry I was trying to I have raised the request, I have updated in the team chat as well that I've raised.

Patel, Rahul:
Okay, now a latest update on Buruj is that we have still not got access to the Buruj development environment. We did not get access to Buruj S4 HANA environment and now we have to start from scratch the add-on and all those activities. So I think the next update essentially me and Kunal are following up with Buruj to get the S4 HANA access as soon as possible. But then probably we'll need this alignment with GoSCM team that if Buruj, when is the end date for us again to get the Buruj access because then build activity has to start for Buruj as well.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Currently the build activity is focused on only one ARP system.

Sheth, Kunal:
Did I? Rahul, I had an update on GurujPath. So today in a technical call, Nishant and Ananda has also joined. So they are currently planning to do the system copy of production system to the project dev environment. So 10th of February is the planning date. So Ananda told us that based on your project timeline, let me know when can you have this access so that it should not have an impact on the project.



Patel, Rahul:
immediately. We need access immediately because irrespective of system copy we need that system copy will copy the data but we need to do the configuration right we need to install the add-on we need to get this interface activated for Buruj.

Sheth, Kunal:
He told that everything will get deleted so it will be it is not the data copy it is a completely new system will get created for the project environment.

Patel, Rahul:
But the refresh is from where? Which system? They cannot delete development. Production production production.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Guys, sorry that would go on. Is there anything else or this is the last one? Because I think we can discuss it at 9 in the morning and agree what to tell Khalid. So we have a few things to check with Khalid. One is this thing about that and that's I hope Tara you can help us with this list. This point, the thing related to SAP, DD support, what we need, et cetera. So Hadi and Tara, if you have those logs, or we confirm them at nine, and then at 9.30 we'll have a talk with Khaled, including this thing about scope and that slide we prepared for the executives.

 Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Khaled's at 9.30, but we can go over them at nine to make sure that we don't miss anything. Yeah, that's what I said.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Nine for us to remind each other, but hopefully Tara or you, you have the list. Then 9.30 we'll cover that. Okay. Anything else? Because Raoul and the CM team, we need to leave. There are no lights on. I don't think security will be happy if we're staying longer. Kyle, I know you had a point.

Roumanos, Hadi:
How critical is it at this point?

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
No, it's just a quick thing. It's just for the awareness session on Friday. We need someone from a process, from a technical team to join that session. Raul, Kunal, would you be able to attend that session, please?

Patel, Rahul:
Do you think me or Kunal is sufficient, or do you need from someone like Bastian Osorio from technical team as well?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Mohamed, Bukhuri, can you comment on that? Asma requested that someone from a technical team joins, but do you think Raul or Kunal is adequate to to answer questions, Mohamed?

Roumanos, Hadi:
You might need someone from GoSCM would be my guess as well. So Bastian is your best bet if he has capacity. Raoul, definitely.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, but Mo, if this is a request from the team before, we're swapped. So it's not that yes and it's going to be confirmed on Friday and let's see who can join. So Mo, I'm that because you're owning that overview session and we said it's high level that ideally it's you and maybe if Raoul is available we can cover it. If we need more resources, I don't want to get into an internal discussion where we'll say telling each other why didn't you tell us before.

 Are the COACM team in the loop more Fakhoury on this or no? I don't think they'll be required. Okay then the quick the quick action is the following. We'll check if anyone is available available from their side, fine. I don't want to tell them we booked it and you need to figure it out. We're in build phase, everyone, and we were in a way trying to entertain this request from Asma and the team, but not at the expense of us delaying other activities.

 So tomorrow we'll make a decision. That's not part of the discussion with Khaled at 9 and 9.30.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I don't know what is the best course of action in this case.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's bring to the notice of GoSiem team.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I think Mo, if we can bring it to the notice of GoSiem team, if they are available. How long is the session? It's an hour. At 10 or 11?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, 10 am.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, based on what we know.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
It will be person any either of them is fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, either Bastian or Hector. OK, let's do the following tomorrow during the break between the two sessions. Maybe had the you will have this discussion because I think with the role and or more or Kyle they will say you should have done this before etc. So you could do this more in a OK. We got this request. What do you think? Or we push it. I'm happy also to do the same, but I think just for us to be...



Roumanos, Hadi:
That's pretty much... I'm happy to do this, which is exactly what I suggested, so I'll have that chat with Bastik.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, I mean, no, the only difference is before we confirm it's Friday, maybe they'll say, no, we have... Because Friday wasn't... We were doing build activities, you know, it's...

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
If they're free on...

Roumanos, Hadi:
If they're free on Friday, I won't be demanding. If they're free on Friday, they'll join.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
If not, I'll ask to suggest another time. That's fine. OK. Bye.

Patel, Rahul:
All right. We have covered all the critical ones. Probably, Hadi, we can connect tomorrow sometime during the day and see if anything needs to be promoted from high to critical for tomorrow's discussion. Promoted. Promoted, yeah, sure.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, bye. Anything else, anyone?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, thanks. All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

