UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry. I can't see anyone. Hi everyone. Hello everyone. Hi. Hello everyone.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Hi everyone. Tara, I remember you needed to raise something in this call. Want to do it before we start, please go ahead.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, it's just that I wanted to confirm that we will be doing unit testing settings for MRO drilling chemicals and tying would be as part I'm not sure I understood the question, Tara.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So first of all, who is the question for and

Madhavan, Tara:
While discussing Rocio said that demand tie in as part of wave 2 and unit testing will not be done for it just yet. I just wanted to confirm that everybody is aligned with it.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Do we have Rosio or not yet?

Madhavan, Tara:
No, she will not join today's call because she has some other meeting.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Ted, I suggest let's have that discussion with Rosio. But who's covering for her if she's not joining?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Tara? I don't know. Yeah, yeah.

Madhavan, Tara:
She just told me that she will not attend today's session as she has another meeting. But she did not tell me who will cover for her.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But that's standard. I mean, if everyone would say, I'm not attending, but there's no coverage, then let's not waste time, everyone else's time.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
They are half of the team.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's give it a minute, see if that. If no one from GoSCM can join, then it's an issue. So either we have it later in the day or otherwise it doesn't make any sense.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We've discussed several issues yesterday, so there is an update possibly from us in terms of identification of the key users, do we have the calendar of the sessions for the UT, then there is the status of the data. So the three points that we were discussing, identification of users, having the calendar users for UT, having the calendar ready, having the data ready, having the add-on, so it cannot be a one-sided discussion.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry Mo, I just saw that she had mentioned that Bastian will join. Okay.

Naamani, Mohamad:
All right, should we give it a minute until he Yeah, if you can ping him, please, on chat, Hadi, or whatever, whichever venue. I think chat, go SCM, KPMG chat is more efficient.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Or this one, whatever works.

Patel, Rahul:
We have a phone call.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello. Hey, how are you?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Doing well, doing well.

hector.palacios@go-scm.com:
We just had the daily stand up on our site, so the guys are joining, Rocio and Bastian.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So both Rocio and Bastian will not be joining, or will they be joining? No, they are joining. OK, good. All right, so let's give them a second.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Adi, maybe in the meantime, you can help us. Now that we have this almost comprehensive list, I'm assuming that everything that should be discussed or should be raised is on that list with different priorities. But you can help us decide what to discuss during the call, maybe through the priority or the last items, or maybe through the due date of those, so we know where to focus and do not lose the whole time while something should be discussed.



Roumanos, Hadi:
We can do that, or we can follow up on yesterday's discussion. We have the priority items. Tala, if you want to share that Excel, we can update as we discuss them. But first of all, first and foremost, is the status of the documentation. So again, we're going over this again. So ESMA promised approval on Tuesday. We had to finalize some of the documents and send them through. So can we get a status of the documents across the board?

 So I know that there's BID supply planning, BPD supply, MRO maintenance, et cetera. We know what they are. There's six of them, five of which were in our, so were in our court to send them to AdMob. So where do we stand on each? Maybe Kunal, you can get started.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, on SDD, Sagar and Rinaldo has a call with technical team from AdNoc to set up the certification part. So currently it is in progress.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, do we have a date by which we aim to close this?

Sheth, Kunal:
There are two points. One is the SNC part certification and second one is the CIDS. So tomorrow Sagar told me that once Technical team is complete the certification part, then they will able to set up the SNC. So tomorrow end of the day, SNC should be in a good position to complete.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so I make it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, that's it.

Sheth, Kunal:
Next week, team will start with CIDS beta.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Everything we discussed with anyone from AdNoc, even between us, when becomes like question at the end of each discussion. Even when we get this, we're not always honored, but at least we have this visibility. So it's good you have those answers, but yes, it's valid.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, so let's keep in mind every time we talk about a topic, there needs to be a date next to it. The issue is that everybody's seeing is that we keep getting delayed on every single front. So we can't keep things as in progress anymore. They need to be in progress, and the aimed close date is X, right? Whatever it is that we're discussing. So let's say, for example, BRD supply planning. It was in progress yesterday.

 We wanted to send it. So let's go over each of those documents. And have we sent them? Yes. If we sent them, by when do we expect them to be approved? And we need a date. So can we go through all Yeah, sure. I can share my screen if it makes things simpler. Hang on, let me share my screen. Sorry, Dar, give me one second. So let's go over those, OK? We know that we have six documents that are pending, yeah?

 I want to know for each one if we sent it, and if we didn't send it yet, by when do we want to send it? And if we sent it, by when do we expect an approval? It's fairly simple, right? Because before we get all of those closed, then we have to close the app.

Patel, Rahul:
Let me update here, Hadi. So first one is sent. Second one is sent.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right, hang on.

Patel, Rahul:
Let me do this here.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So this is sent. Fine. No, no. You can put it in a column. It's OK. I'm just noting down. I'm going to delete the slides. I just want to see for my records. The second one, we know that this was sent, so. Oh, here. Yeah. Second one is sent.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What else?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Third one is sent.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Third one is sent.

Patel, Rahul:
OK.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fifth one is sent.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'm guessing the last one. Not the fourth one.

Patel, Rahul:
fifth one oh not the fourth one okay what happened with the fourth one what are we doing we will send it today so the document is ready I got confirmation after this call I'll send it today okay last one

Roumanos, Hadi:
send all right so are we aiming to get approval on everything that we sent so far so five out of the six by tomorrow we'll send a date tomorrow we when we send the email we have requested by tomorrow

Patel, Rahul:
today I had a word with Muhammad Awadullah to whom we have sent this. He acknowledged he's received the mail and he acknowledged he'll push everyone inside to get this as soon as possible.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so if you're able to send this today, which I'm hoping you will, then tomorrow, let's say 12 p.m., we send an email to Asma Awadullah, everyone who you need to send an email to, saying we have six documents pending your approval.

Naamani, Mohamad:
by end of day in case we don't get it yet yeah yeah so yeah the question is whatever asma promised for wednesday didn't happen yet is that in a summary no but it's not that simple hamad because we didn't

Roumanos, Hadi:
send the documents uh when she promised right so she promised she would approve yes but she can't approve if she doesn't have the documents that's why I was making sure that we sent them so now that we sent them

Naamani, Mohamad:
they don't have an excuse anymore except to approve tell me if this if this is every other day we're questioning her, she cannot escape. Maybe that will put more pressure, we'll get faster results. That's assuming things are delayed. Or sometimes also some questions, like today, Ashik and Abdul Latif are not the best source. Even Vignesh is saying this. So Asma, we need your help here. We need to have that recurring venue.

 My question is, can we start Monday? Unless you're saying the documents are in bad shape, We'll ask how did now even on what's up? Had you we can send it to him saying we need a small piece with us tomorrow at 930 Yeah Let me send him a message now because tomorrow is important and then I'll tell him in the same message that will include An update yes. Yes.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We need I mean we agreed Let me do that now you guys continue if you want No, it's fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Your 30 seconds will wait.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Um, okay. Nothing's happening. Should we? Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fine. So that's the step. No, no.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Better to have everyone.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So that's the status of the documents done, uh, pilot. Hopefully we will add us more tomorrow morning so we can keep chasing in the morning. Uh, good. That in terms of, uh, uh, actually, since we have bastion and Hector Tara, maybe you can ask your question again regarding, uh, I think the, uh, the tie-in, was it?

Madhavan, Tara:
So, Bastian, today when I was discussing with Rocio, she said that demand tie-in unit testing will not happen now because it's part of wave 2. So, I just wanted to confirm whether everybody is aware and on the same page with regards to this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bastian, Hector, are you with us?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, I agree.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
I'm aware of this and I agree. Tie-in is part of wave two.

Patel, Rahul:
Bastian, the only thing is that by definition wave one is demand and inventory so are we creating exception for this I understand time was the last piece which was added in the in the documentation and in the process but do you want to create this exception in terms of wave one wave two where wave one is demand and inventory we have to supply are we saying we will consider time yeah I agree. So that's why it is mostly subprime, but we do have a demand process.

 Whether it's a fairly simple process.

hector.palacios@go-scm.com:
If we are going to show like one view and you know the number here is not too great a session for that. I would put it again as an input for supply planning, but I wouldn't make a big deal about that. If we are going to show four forecasts and fancy stuff, yes, let's have session.

Patel, Rahul:
But if it's just an input, let's move it to the All I'm saying is that we have this logical differentiation between demand, supply, and inventory. So if you want to create an everyone agrees to it, I'm fine with it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let's move for supply, please.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All right, so that answers that question, Tara.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, got it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Alright. Moving on.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So if no one has any concern, I'm agreeing to what I'm not able to get to this level of these things, so you need to explain further if you want a decision. Otherwise, at least I cannot comment. Maybe had you so the point I was making is that.

Patel, Rahul:
So we have this logic. Logical split between Wave 1 and Wave 2. Wave 1 is demand and inventory. Wave 2 is supply. Now, tie-in has a very little scope in demand because the only action which user is supposed to do is upload the demand.

Naamani, Mohamad:
What GoaSim team is recommending, since there is not much tie-in in the supply, in Wave 2 and As long as this doesn't create delays, because one of the reasons we had wave one versus wave two, we want to run supply, sorry, demand and inventory first, and then it feeds supply. I think Hector's point is, given the size of it, et cetera, if we started in wave two, we can start demand, inventories, supply for tie-in.



Patel, Rahul:
There is no inventory for tying, so it's only demand, which is a small piece.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, I think the idea is as long as this will not delay us and from prerequisite it's okay. So if Hector is saying so I think we should be fine.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah the only point is we should all be aligned that we are not going as per the logical split between demand and inventory and if everyone is fine let's go ahead it's not a big deal like,

Naamani, Mohamad:
Look that's something we will tell AdNoc that this is an exception so they say why isn't it in because this is something that was added last minute so yeah idea of the grouping, yes, it makes sense, but at the end of the day, in Wave 2, because we'll provide demand and supply, it means we will deliver on it. Yeah, correct. I mean, I don't think we have any other options at this point, other than delaying Wave 1 further, so let's play it as such.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, back to you Hadi.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, second priority for me is the plan. So, The question I have, Tara, we're moving forward in the CR and we need to start the process with Muhyiddin to update ServiceNow. So are we missing anything from anyone in terms of dates in the sub-activities to be able to make that update? I know that the last discussion you were having with Kyle, is there anything else that's missing from the technical people?



Madhavan, Tara:
the that we have to do with change management and I think Nikita also mentioned he wanted some confirmation from Rosio on the same team other than those points there's nothing pending.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Right so Nikita what are the clarifications you wanted from Rosio if anyone can answer here between Bastian and Hector let's do that otherwise we'll ping Rosio separately.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
We've already had that discussion Hadi we agreed to have an alignment meeting tomorrow.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, so hang on.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's on the way. Okay, so by tomorrow after that meeting maybe you and I can have a review of that plan to make sure everything makes sense and then Monday morning we update with Mahirdin.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sounds like a plan? Yeah.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Okay. I'm sorry, can I just ask something? Because that alarm call is set for tomorrow. And as part of that, we need to discuss the training. So I just wanted to ask, Mohamed, would you be able to attend that call tomorrow?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Because it's important that we have you on that call.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Mohamed Lamani, that is.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sorry, Kyle, I didn't hear you. You when you're breaking up. And I'm not sure why I'm needed in the meeting.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So please repeat.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So we need to allow SCM on the training content developments. But the training content developments is dependent on the training strategy. And there are a few things that we need to discuss with regards to the training strategy, because we have to use Enable Now. Let's make our life easier.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sorry, Kyle. The training content development is not related that much to the training strategy, so training the trainer and users, etc. We just need to agree what is the content required, what are the scripts, are we going to do a video, so on and so forth, so we know basically what needs to be developed. That's in my simplistic approach. Now, whether we're going to deliver it, train the trainer, or all end users, or remote, via satellite, whatever, is the channel.

 So let's decouple Kyle's strategy from the content. From the content, I don't think I'm needed. You can agree on what are the different sections. My only concern is Kushboo is sick, but I think if Tara, I think they can cover. Once we then we can discuss the training strategy separately. Unless I missed your point, so please clarify.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Maybe I'm not explaining it well, and Akira is stepping in. May I just step in?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Mohamed, we need you exactly for the point that you mentioned, for training content development we don't need you, we'll align with the guys directly.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, so the training strategy given that in sequence of deliverables and milestones we still have time, it's not as urgent as the content which you'll do tomorrow, is that correct? So I'm not needed tomorrow since you discuss content and we can discuss this...

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
No, not quite.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sometime next week? Not quite because we are finalizing the You just told me about the meeting now.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I have a packed schedule tomorrow.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Yeah, we are finalizing the plan now. And our ask from the Go-CM team was just to go through and confirm. But we also make everyone to be on the same page in terms of moving from train-the-trainer to full scope and user training delivery. So, and I would appreciate if GoSCM together with PMO would look into the plan from that perspective. Because...

Naamani, Mohamad:
Guys, please, please, if maybe it's me, and bear with me. Why don't we have two smaller discussions? Let's finish tomorrow the content that's needed. Because for me, it's not related to the strategy, whether we're doing end-users, or train the trainer, et cetera. The simple question is, did we agree on the content that we need to prepare, whether it's a video, it's slides, and how to upload it on Enable Now or not yet?



Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
I think not yet, correct?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Enable Now is another question.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Let me handle Enable Now. But that's why, guys, I think we're coupling everything together in one session. Can we dedicate tomorrow to agree What is the content we would like to train people on?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can we at least achieve that milestone tomorrow? No? No, no, we might.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
We might. But it's a secondary question from my perspective. Since PMO requires us to finalize the plan, I think impact of all this TTT and enable now points on the plan is the major focus right now, Mohamed. We can simplistically say, okay guys, this is the plan, just go ahead and then we'll come back and say, look, we had to discuss the impact of the TTT change for like full scope and user training delivery, plus enable now would require us 10, 15, 20 additional main days.

 I have no idea, we just need to talk about it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
it. Okay guys, so what's required?

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm honestly completely lost. PMO. We need one.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
We need a person from PMO who would listen to us and our internal PMO.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Okay.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So you have Tara Hadi and if Raul might be a better fit.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I can join along with Raul Nikita if that makes things simpler.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Leave me to the part related to train the trainer because this is something That I got involved with with solid I'll convince both of you on the approach for the rest I don't think I'll be adding any value. So yeah, we will be touching train the trainer tomorrow Okay, let's start with this baseline Guys train the trainer will not work Kyle was there attended it so if you want to update the plan and and say, instead of train the trainer, we'll go for end users training.

 I'm happy for us to do this. The only question would be, in this case, how many users we need to train and how many sessions. And I think this was discussed with Kyle. If we have that number, and based on the nature of it, we will say to the team, to the techno function team, saying, we have the following number of users. What is the efficiency you think it will Then we'll say, instead of one session of train the trainer, we might have three sessions because we have end users, for example.

 So help me guys, help you. I don't know. So at this point, I know AdDoc will push back on train the trainer. If anyone didn't read it again, please, they will point it in scope of work saying answer is end users, not train the trainer. We tried our luck, it's not going to fly. So let's go for end users. Because given EnableNow will post content, it's available online, we will make sure it's easy and it's not going to be hectic.

 The only thing we need to do to update your plan, Nikita and Kyle, is to say, we were planning for a shorter, basically, or one session. Now, knowing the users, we need three, and that's the impact on the plan. Since, anyway, we got some extension by four or five weeks. Does that make sense? I think we need to kill the concept of train-the-trainer for now so that we don't keep confusing each other on it.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Agree?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
All right, let's have this discussion.

Naamani, Mohamad:
If I need it, guys, contact me, but just give me a heads up or send me a 30-minute request. Right now, I just heard from Kyle that I might need to join. Fridays are crazy for me because everything that I cannot do during the week, I'll do on Friday. So if needed book time, I'll do my best for tomorrow if not one day Simple and for the PMO, I mean you have thought I had II etc for the plan.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
They'll take all the details.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Okay?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay Thanks Howdy would you join us tomorrow? Yeah. Okay. Sounds good The BRD BPG drilling data drilling demo is covered and Merger, let's close this. Demand process changes PMO. I'm not going to spend more time than we need. Logistics, Mohammed, you can travel and then come back, right, Fakhoury?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fakhoury, are you with us?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I'm on mute, yes, but yeah, the process, so I won't be here next week.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, good enough.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And Hadi, I'm not sure if you briefed the team, because unfortunately the discussion with Khaled today, and this is to the team who was planned to travel, Khaled said because of logistic challenges, finding enough rooms, having the discussions, sorry the sessions booked, having enough lab it might be remote so we might do this online which is another reason why I mean logically it seems one week will not be enough for us because one is booking rooms and if we need multiple now so that I do not completely eliminate this option if we have the calendar of the sessions we promise Khaled to share the calendar to share tomorrow to show him this is what we have.

 Do you think Khaled we can book that many rooms if it's multiple or it's one given the capacity and that people will attend because today's morning Khaled's answer was might be better to do it online. I know Bastian and the team yesterday said it's better in person and I agree but I'm relaying the message I'm not sure if you mentioned it Hadi because this might impact our whole travel plan so we'll continue to push for the meetings to happen but if there are no venues to do it in person we might go for remote.

 I think between today and tomorrow's huddle we should make a decision so everyone would know what to do with their timeline. Agree Hadi is that a summary because I think that's that's all everything is linked together and I think Having that schedule from Rocio, making sure we can brief Khaled, telling him this is how many sessions, this is how many attendees based on the key users discussion which we had, so on and so forth.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What do you think?

Roumanos, Hadi:
And try to get a decision tomorrow. Does anyone have any objections for me to extend tomorrow's 2 p.m. Call for an hour? Because our list of issues is running long and unfortunately we're starting to run out of time. I'd like to dedicate an hour to go through them all, update the dates as needed. There's a lot of points where we need your feedback, so is everybody okay with extending to an hour tomorrow?

 All right, I'll take that as a yes.

Madhavan, Tara:
I think I've added a few a few new items in the tracker, especially tourists. And for unit testing schedule, today when I had a meeting with Rosio, she said she will share it by tomorrow, not late, it's by end of day. And also for key users, I mean users who will be part of the UT, today we had a discussion, Rahul and I, And we have a first cut of users. So probably.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I lost you there. Is it me? Hello?

Madhavan, Tara:
Sorry, I got lost in between. Did you hear me?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Not the last part, Tara.

Madhavan, Tara:
Where did you hear and what should I repeat? Last 20 seconds, I would say. So yeah, I was just saying that Kyle had discussed with Tariq and we have a list of users and tomorrow we plan to discuss with Khalid to finalize the list and then once Rocio shares the schedule probably I'll set up the invites as well.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay so you have an action that's due on the 17th for these invites so that's fine. Do me a favor before the 2 p.m tomorrow let's please include those comments where relevant and in the different light items of that excel just so I know whether we need to cover them tomorrow in our call or not. Right now there's a lot of items that are are either pending or have past dates. So I'd like us to update each one with the relevant dates or close them if necessary.

 But again, we need the team for this. So we can do the exercise tomorrow, you and I, before we even get to the call. But when we get to the call, we need to cover whatever is open. OK. All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
First session, a small approval matrix.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
These are the items of urgency. I think we can leave the rest of the list for tomorrow's huddle. Anyone else needs to bring something up?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Are we progressing? Any minor progress or a date, Raoul or Ponal, on the Excel add-on? Since we're talking about dates, I think we also had it set three days ago. He said that we can give us an update during the day. Any light at the end of the tunnel?

Patel, Rahul:
I followed up, but I could not get any update. So tomorrow morning is the best time now to get another update.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, so if I remember well to the success of UT, we needed a list of Key users which I think you have. Is that correct for everyone? I'll assume yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, we need it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
The calendar, which I assume we almost have, because calendar is time plus the key users. We need the data, which Bastian referred to some challenges of the data, and the Excel add-on. So before we close, any news on the data? Is it progressing or this is stuck, since this is also a prerequisite?

Patel, Rahul:
I don't know if Rahul or Bastian can comment. Data we discussed today so there are two new risks with respect to dealing which we have added but to summarize data is a challenge now. Tomorrow we have meeting with Mohammed Ashiq separately to sort out this list. While we have progressed but this new additional input has come which has created this additional input on the data. So while we are progressing the risk is still there so I am not comfortable What is the new thing that came up?

 So what we are understanding is that. There is a separate way of planning for every material category, and so while the theoretically the principle remains same, but details of planning changes and we need data for all. Four categories of material we have. We've received one data set for only one category of material in a way if we say that too is not complete so so data to mitigate data this we need to have all four different category of motor samples available from right now Burnley will be able to demonstrate a dealing solution so this is only for drilling Go-Sim team can confirm that's what my understanding is.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

hector.palacios@go-scm.com:
For MRO, we are mostly fine. So either way, if we needed information, they just told us that we need to integrate it. So that was the response from Bigness the last time that we had something. But for the man in inventories, we are fine.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah. On that, Hector, if you need any help from me or Kozhu, from an S4 side, considering we also have access to the system, we can connect separately if required.

hector.palacios@go-scm.com:
Yeah, VBK is working on that. So as soon as you have an issue, he knows that can reach to you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

hector.palacios@go-scm.com:
Should we discuss the other point as well, like the change management risk that we see on drilling? From the end users?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Patel, Rahul:
So to summarize on the workshops, we have risk on data. We still have risk on the add-in. And hopefully, we'll try to work towards mitigating that risk as soon as possible. But right now, the data risk is bigger than the risk on add-in. That's one thing. And then additionally, we've identified a risk on Adnoxide. This is something which probably we can talk to Asma tomorrow or Monday once she's part of the discussion as well.

 That from a change perspective, they have the same development or same improvement is working in parallel in two different systems. One is IPP, second is their existing system. So the end user has provided this feedback that the duplication of efforts should not happen, and there should be only one system where the demand planning for drilling should happen.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's double effort that AdNoc will have to deal with it. We'll log it so that we're aware of it, but it's not going to logically derail us. But my usual question is, those points that you mentioned, especially this one about the data and the quality, are you catching up with Hadi and Tara to add this because you only mentioned it when I asked so is it already on your list Hadi and Tara this point specifically related to drilling data and different planting style by commodity or material type otherwise we're not capturing everything so it will go we'll go back to the old way of depends on what we remember to when The two risks are captured in the list.



Patel, Rahul:
One is the this change management for multiple tools that's captured. Second related to the stakeholders Honestly, maybe I'm being picky, but my concern is Hadi didn't even ask about it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And the purpose is for us to agree on next steps, etc. I'm concerned that it's not on his radar. But I'll leave it here. Hadi, if you'd like to check, or maybe tomorrow morning do a catch-up, Hadi, Tara and Raoul, on this list. Because I hate to have this list, but it's not complete, then let's kill it if it's not good.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's the reason I pushed the meeting to an hour tomorrow, Mohammed, to go through that list in its entirety.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But I think also to save the rest of the team some of the discussions, if it's more of a PMO, I think You can spend 30 minutes, Tara. Raoul is the reference of all of those points, because he's attending most of those calls, technical function, et cetera, and can provide this brief. It could be 15 minutes in the morning after the huddle. He'll tell you, these are the new things, and that's what we're doing.

 This way, the end of day is more for update as opposed to- Let me find the time.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, it's OK. Let me find a time with Rahul tomorrow.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's do it after our huddle with Khalid.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I have a thing, so 10.30 makes the most sense for me, so I'll send the invite now. I have another meeting at 10, that's why. No problem, let's do it at 10.30. Anything else from anyone, Khal?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You have your hand up. Surprise.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yes, I wanted to... Just provide an update on the awareness sessions. So we spoke to Asma today and she wants to have a very high level awareness session with those focal points that were identified. And after that we will have individual...

Roumanos, Hadi:
You're cutting off. I heard Asma and I heard awareness session.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Can you hear me now?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah. So Asma, awareness session, when and who?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you hear me, Hadi? Yeah.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So an update on the awareness sessions. We spoke to Asma today, and she wants to have a high-level awareness session that's to be given to the focal points that were identified. And then after that, she wants individual awareness sessions for each of the categories like MRO, chemicals, and drilling. So the plan is, well, we've put together the high-level awareness session deck. We have a review meeting with her tomorrow morning.

 We can invite to the participants tomorrow. But they want to have this awareness session next week, Tuesday, preferably in the morning. So I have a question. I wanted to check with Raul. Would you be able to attend that session? Asma asked if you could present that, and if not, then we need to come up with another plan.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Please, other than the high-level session, no promises until Asma. So, let's create a new habit. Asma cannot sideline you and just take you aside and say, I need 17 sessions. She needs to go through the normal channel, because this is becoming ridiculous. And that's another reason, Hadi, for us to have her on the Daily Atom. Level session, it's fine. The individual one, if we don't have the content, then no.

 They need to start also getting things serious, because this is becoming a joke. It's like we have nothing else except giving them more sessions, and we're basically dying to catch up on the delay. So at least tomorrow on, Hadil, if she joins, but if she needs an answer during the discussion tomorrow, tell her Overview session. We have the material because we agreed yesterday with That we can create that deck Individual sessions.

 I don't know what this means and if it needs more detail because that's a person's person's purpose of the user Testing and additional sessions. So let's not do duplicate the effort.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So Yeah for the for the high level one, it's very high level like a look at the process at a high level as well as the high level benefits of the project. For the individual ones, it's going more into the details, but we have that content, Mohamed, so we'd be happy to put that together as a change management team. That's fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I think we're okay with doing that. It's the number of sessions that's the problem, not the content. So if you want to give her the content and have her present that, that's fine, right?

Naamani, Mohamad:
to build the solution also. That's why I'm saying don't let her force you to say, ah, we need that many sessions. First of all, she doesn't decide on those until we have them, until we agree or it's on our plan. So orientation session is normal. Again, I don't want you to be in the line of fire. All I'm saying is either this will be coming through the the daily Hadith when we talk to her, or if she needs those sessions next week other than this high level, let's have a discussion with her and follow.

 If we just keep doing sessions after all of those reviews of documents and designs, then when will we do the work? Again, I'm frustrated because they have no appreciation to all the effort that we're doing and all they're saying is give us sessions while she's been late for I don't know how much, the review of documents. So I think, I hope you didn't comment. At least for tomorrow, let's add this to one of the reasons why we need to have the discussion.

 We need to have Asma Hadi tomorrow on the huddle and let's try to understand. Because basically no one has the right to come up with three, four sessions saying you need to deliver this next week without this being planned. At least that's my and my perspective.

2Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So if I can just give my two cents basically what Asma's thought process was is that she doesn't want to, we have all this content and it but she said that I don't want to bombard the hand user with all this information at one shot because if we combine all this information specifically when we talk about Let's say I'm our own drilling and chemicals and users will come and say but this is not relevant for me This is not relevant for me.

 So that's why the high level it is almost kind of like a project kickoff So a lot of the slides are taken from the kickoff back Individual yeah Is this something you can deliver no no point clear I don't

Naamani, Mohamad:
think you need to Is this something you can deliver? For example, and you might have Kushbu with you, because I don't want to waste the team working on the configuration doing sessions. This is exactly the point we discussed yesterday. We said you would volunteer, you'll create the slides, and between you, Kushbu can be sitting, maybe just supporting, I know she's sick now, supporting if there are notes or anything to elaborate further.

 And if you need, we have Kunal. I'm trying to shield the team working on the configuration. I know Kunal is also working on the integration or supporting. But the question is, if you're leading those sessions more, who do you need? And are they available next week? Because that's the only way I'll accept to commit to any additional sessions. I think everyone would agree to me because we also need to manage our capacity.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So what's your answer now?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Who do you need? I would say, yeah, I mean, we don't necessarily need the technical team at GoSCM in all these workshops. Between myself and if Raoul can join as well.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Let me suggest be okay. You with Pushpo and Kunal. Okay. I think Kunal is with us on the call. And if Raoul is available, but he shouldn't be locked, at least so that we, because he has other things, other roles to do. Does that work? And Raoul, you tell me. You might tell me you have so many discussions because of the data etc where you need to be with Hector and Bastian. I'll accept this and it has to be then Kunal, Mo and Kushmir.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Agreed Mo.

Patel, Rahul:
So you can put me in the invite but don't expect me to be available on the session and I'll if I'm able to manage I'll join.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Then that's the answer to Kyle as a if Asma is asking, and then we'll explain this to her tomorrow. But more, I think at this point, given that we have different resources and we need to divide and conquer, let's go for this one. If it got into questions or discussions that you're not, the three of you are not comfortable, although I think between you, Kushboo, and Kunal, you should be okay, then we'll say that those will be covered in the demo or the discussions where the technical team are preparing for the week after test.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Does this make sense?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I'll take that as a yes. Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I said yes, it does. Yeah, maybe it's me also. Okay. Then we just need to align Kyle on how many sessions. If you know what to do, then share with Tara that list of how many sessions and who needs for logistics.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK? OK. Thanks.

Roumanos, Hadi:
If there's nothing else, we can drop, guys.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Thank you all.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Thank you.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Thank you. You Bye.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bye.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I think, sorry for moving. Meeting. Sorry for moving the meeting with such a short notice.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
Let me share my screen.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
This folder is in the KPMG share folder. I'm not sure which one is it. Right now. This is not. It was.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, this one. Okay. I have it.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I have it here. I will share the link in here. The chat. And we can go item by item so it's clear. Okay, so the first one is interface and it's basically the FSD for the interface for the integration to from one year VM roots to IDP. This is pretty straightforward. I think we can look for it well in the in the they have a formula already and you can yeah I think there's not too much to add in terms of I mean there is not too much confusion in terms of what is needed.

 We need to go to a template and complete whatever is needed. But I think in terms of documentation, this one should be pretty straightforward.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
What exactly I think we could ask for integration is what we have.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Okay, the one which we are currently working on that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I will put an additional column here.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
This one will be an enhancement and for consolidation criteria for pool trace requisition when created in ADP. This one is for the Wave 2 because it's for supplying. We still need plenty of details. So we don't need to start creating FSD for this one. This one will be done later. But we don't have the information to do that. The same. No. This one's the same. Ability to erase PR even is the same. We don't have to create another one yet.

 This one's the same with two. This one, yes. And it's something that we haven't worked on, but it has to be ready. Basically, we will, well, you know the source for Rinaldo, right? The FS, FS, MN. It's part of the segmentation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But what we will do, what we will do is that we will, we will determine this, this PO in AGP, at least for the ones that have, for the materials that have it empty.

 And the idea is to integrate this field back. And we will just integrate these values, F, S, M, or N, right? I think we have, at least from a technical point of view, we have the definition of what is F, what is S, what is M, and what is N, and how to calculate it in ADP. I think Saul has done a good job determining that logic because it's a little bit complicated, but we already have it. So what we need is from the technical and something that's why I put in progress here 90% from the functional, 0% for the technical because I guess during the technical sessions we will start having, I believe next week, we can ask all the questions, all the necessary questions that we need to, that needs to be answered to integrate these fields back to a solar panel?



Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, for that we need to create an R3C and we can use that to fill that campus. I don't know what Renato your voice is getting echoed.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I think it's because of bathroom. Is it? Yeah. What should I do? Is it better now?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Is it worse?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Is it better or worse? It's better. Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Okay, but yeah. Then extract generic material code from setfmt This is for drilling. For anything related to drilling, I will put it at 1.1, okay?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
Why?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Because if it's related to drilling, we have, there's no clarity about anything. An integrated minimum order value, but it's still part of way one, so I cannot say it's part of way two, and we can't park it for now. We need, I mean, I will give you guys more info as soon as we have it, but so far that we don't have it. Okay. Integrate minimum order value, this is wave two. Stock, this is wave 10, because it's related to drilling and for supply, so now wave two.

 Then use historical stock transfers to define transportation lane stock. Way two. Storage policy for materials and lead time between vendors. Way two. Then this one in red, remove. We don't need to complete them. They're not part of the RISER. So if they're not part right that they don't require FSD nor EFD. Okay, then identification of repairable to ensure alerts that are elementary to check with any users.

 Yeah, this also is 1.1. We need some more technical sessions to define where is this information located. Okay. Basically, we need to integrate a flag that defines if a material is repairable. Okay. Link with budget?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
So, BOM data LTMT. LTMZ.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I think this is valid tree.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I will put a welcome word. It's this isn't out of the scope, so there is no need to integrate it. A full workflow is not yet defined. And after that. We have the extractors. Okay. So, in the extractors, we need to, of course, all the extractors, not all the extractors, but most of the extractors are part of Wave 1. And, in reality, what APMG mentioned is that we only need to create FSD or a of fields that are not part of the production.

 This is not required yet. These ones are not required because they are not part of the standard structure. But what I was saying...

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
We are going to use that?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
No, no. Not as a standard at least.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
So we need to do a full-time structure then? We don't know yet.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We don't know.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
The thing is that anything related to drilling hasn't been defined. The only thing we have caught is the drilling material. Not even so, because do we have the materials for drilling? The filter definition? Yeah, so we don't have any clarity regarding drilling. Well planned. It's not yet defined. Location, yes. Product text, of course, yes, this, yes. Maintenance activities, this is a one. Yeah, okay, wave one, we worked on that.

 Equipment, yes, wave one. Functional test, this is also wave one. This is the standard, right? Currency is the same. Maintenance activity.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, exchange rate. Of what?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Oh, this one of the number one or the point here? This is more related to, this is just like detailing the interface. I mean, it's like setting the connection and all that. And then this is related just to the standard extractors and any change we need to do to the standard extractor. For example, there are some changes that we will need to uh custom fields right uh for example segmentation so the focus should be there in the like not non-standard fields or custom fields equipment uh one conversion is fine.

 One text is fine. Currency. Maintenance activity. Okay, this one, yes. Source location. We need to check what are we going to do with this one, but this is part of Green, so I want to put it away too. Order, configure, I'm not sure what we're going to do with that. Yeah, we need to change. This one also has to be different because the key figures and the change we need to do to integrate source location instead of plant.

 This is order. This is here. Same number. This is with anything related to talk his way to supply. I'm not specific material groups and classification available in this country. This is red because it's part of of the of the extractors.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
but we don't need to create an additional point for additional fields. If we, for example, in source, I don't know, for example, here in functional location or assets, we are using an additional, we're creating an additional field attribute, then we need to added in the extractor, not something, a new point. I don't know if you get what I'm trying to say.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, yeah, it's been built by the, all the extractors that we are working on.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so instead of starting creating like a digital point, no, just put it in the extractor. In the structural definition, then you can say in addition with the standard field, we are adding these three with the source and that's it. Yeah, and this one here, business criticality, same. It should be the material master. Happen under the authorization. Okay, so yeah this one is and you have the comment here to be included in material in material master interface.



Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
In that case that will be on location request plan, so it should be a product only.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, a location product only. Yeah. You're right. Shelf life solution, yeah, this is for Wave 2. This is VMI Wave 2. And that's it. So if we filter by just We have, of course, the interface. Master data updates in S4HANA via body. Yeah, yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
This is fine.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
This one, the 1.1, we can park it. In the maximum.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello. Hello.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, yeah, and the template for that document is here. It's in the folder, in the link that I just shared.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let's look at the...

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
on that table.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't see that here.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Okay, that feels like something exists, so we have a problem.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
It's an integration that you even requested access to integrate it to YGP?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, but I know that is a field, right?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Like in one table, what is the table in that field? That's my question.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
You should be, I believe, I'm not 100% sure, but I believe should be the MRC. And how are we going to integrate it? But I believe I'm pretty sure you requested access to integrate this field Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So you get to.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
This is the I cannot see the...

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let me, let me check.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Can you go down? Do you remember that we define a...

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
I remember they gave you, when we have the technical sessions, look, movement range. Can you look the values in movement range?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
It's commonly known as FSMN.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
Can you tell me what you're doing in the street?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I'm going to put it in in parentheses.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
So it said MBT underscore.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Right. Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Okay. Thank you.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
But one more thing. Let me look.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
So all here we need to create. So we have enhancement interface. All the interfaces needs to go in one document. So there's no need to create, I don't know how many documents. So we have two documents in this case, one for interface, which is for a total of 17, well, we need to don't use these two. So it will be for 15 points, we need to create just one document. And I think we can find a way to, and the template is here.

 Okay. The template is in the folder in the link right here. And then for interface, we need another document. Sort of for enhancement, in which we just have one. I agree with you, Reinaldo, but I didn't make this definition.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Did it.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Sagar, you had a doubt?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
Just to repeat what Fernando said, like, all the extract term, basically the enhancement will be in one document, right? Mm-hmm. So the, whatever, like, the additional fields, or a product, or location, the store location can also be called as. And all interface in one document, but in, say, one in the, OK, I will go through the FLG template. But it looks confusing, the template.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
But yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
It's confusing by the definition.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Because it's like, how do I say?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Backwards. Backwards, yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
So this is the document that we typically Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
No, no, you can, you can download this document and use it as a template.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Yeah. Let me share the link shared where we have everything.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
Do you need to access with your KPNG account?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
you you Yeah, I guess.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
So it will be in the effective template, right? Right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
And of course, right now, if you have another template for FSD, feel free to use it. Of course, following more or less the format, they are not format, but the content you can update based on whatever document you have that you feel is more appropriate.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Let me show you real quick so you know the difference So this is the one that I have to use in another print.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So this was done for cloud.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
So I got like all the details of the document to know who's the owner, who has to view the resume, the impact of the business, all that. And we have like the definition that we are going to do here, the object that we are going to impact, and all the objects that we need to be created on the system. More about the design, the objects that are going to be created in the system. I will use the Agno Just to be sure that they approve that document.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay? Okay. Thank you, Matthew. Thanks to you. Okay. One more thing. Are we good?

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
Yeah, I think so.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
Because I have another template, the list of what we need to do.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
Okay. Okay, so I am putting some more interfaces, okay, which I will get to start. For example, vendor, then function location, then bomb header, bomb item, okay, and two interfaces which we discussed today, like one for chemical history and one for future data, future horizon data. So like that I am inserting, if you guys, means I am taking this kit, okay, if we have something. I'm putting that but I need help like do we have to consider all this whatever we have mentioned here.

 It's basically best if you can check if something is not required just strike that out. If rest is required then I will check and I will add that in this sheet and make keep the status as yes. Start so that we are we know that we have to work on this. Okay. Can you say that again please? So basically I'm saying like in this case so in the last call with Roshu we were I think he needs to share some update to get TMZ also like where we stand from the integration perspective.

 Okay so she was saying like whatever which we need to develop okay but not started yet because earlier this it was having only what currently we are working on so that setup was available so now I have added some more interfaces like vendor then bomb header bomb item okay then two interface which we discussed today one for chemical HPN one for MRO future data for this three okay so in this sheet like I am taking this sheet as a reference okay so now we will require some more interfaces like location stores for supply perspective okay then might be some more okay so can you guys like this go through and just see like if anything is missing you guys can edit here and then I will format it in a better way leave it like I will just add and then we can review this in the next possible okay so I will add the supply related interfaces which are pending so I can add that and if the status is yet to start so we know like when we have to develop this okay so accordingly we can work on that yes I think you can add all the

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
they put in the other excerpt okay and then another method we can ask to the to the team if they if we are going to use those if not we can delete those from the excerpt yeah okay okay I will I will uh yeah we can do that way also and I will also and if you can see in the other spreadsheet they have like uh unused so if one is going to use used for chemical or for drilling, so maybe we can put the same status on our spreadsheet.



Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 4:
I was thinking instead of adding everything, because then again it will be repetitive, better we put now only the one which we really need, because on drilling we are not 100% sure we need everything. Because we are still so that would again be confusing but at least MRO and chemical whatever clarity we have we will try to put that in this shape so that we have a single shape for everything.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 3:
I think that's right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. Thank you.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
I think that's all right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. Okay. Have a nice one.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
See you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You too.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
Bye.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
In course.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 5:
I'm so happy to have met you. I forgot to ask you. I'm glad you have found a very nice place. And you have an extra room for when your mother, your sister, or your sister leaves. Right? So I'm happy because things are going well for me. I miss you a lot. I just want to see you. I miss you so much. When you can call me, send me a message. I love you. I love you too. From here to... I don't know. I don't know where I am.

 I don't think I know the end of the world. Take care of yourself, my little heart. Greetings to all of you. A hug to all of you. I think things are better now. You are in the right place. You have been in a lot of changes. So... I love you too.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
foreign foreign Okay.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
and he was asking me how we differentiate between Error, Spawn, and Base.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Base is short, Base is long.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
And I said, look, if we have something, but there are several definitions that are like, if the list is long, it's fine, you know? And the question is, what is a long list, you know?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's like very diffuse and we have to close some holes.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 2:
We have to be careful. I'm really stuck with the question of what the size of Orleans is going to be for the demand I don't have a clear definition either. Tomorrow we will discuss it, because I am very involved in PayPeriWeb, but I think that we have the cable industry on our side. We can't just say that the cable industry is for the public, you know? Lastly, the good thing is that you have so much international expertise and all that stuff.

 I have this option. This is the best way to take advantage of all this. I don't know.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't know. Foreign foreign Yeah. Yeah.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
you Hola, ¿Cómo están?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bien, ¿Dónde andan? Bueno, era para ver cómo iban. No, no, no.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 7:
O sea, voy a ir a saber si están más tarde.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
O sea, voy a salir más tarde. Foreign yeah We. Mm hmm.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Well, it could be. It could be. Well, bye.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 1:
you you Hmm.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
you Thank you. You Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Good morning.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
you you Bye.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Thanks.

Conference Room (Bastian Osorio) - Speaker 7:
you Thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bye! You

