UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hi everyone, how are you?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Just like I know it was. Hello. Hello. You Yeah, everything.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Ladies and gentlemen, can we touch one question? Change management first. Kyle or Bisher, can you please share it with the team and let's just briefly discuss it. It's really quick.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Yes, so team, as we all know that there are some changes that we're expecting in terms of roles and processes that are underway or under discussion. So this has a lot of effect on us in terms of from a change impact perspective. So we just want to get your inputs if we should go ahead with the high level workshop we have on Wednesday or if we should perhaps consider delaying it.

Rocio Minguillon:
Hello, team. I'm sorry about the delay. We were on our internal weekly meeting and we forgot about the time. Sorry.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No issues.

Roumanos, Hadi:
To answer your question, by definition, I don't like delaying stuff. And that's usually my answer to all of those questions that are similar in nature. So even if there are changes I would rather have that session and say, hey, as you're aware, we're also working on changes XYZ, which will be implemented down the road. I'm happy to take the rest of the team's comments, but usually that's my go-to.



Naamani, Mohamad:
I just want to understand a bit more the case. So what is the reality? Is it change in time or change in scope that you face because of the meeting about which users are involved, et cetera? So if you can elaborate a bit more, we should empty.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Um, so the main concern we have is that we don't want to give an outdated workshop that might be outdated in a week or two, depending on when these rules or what is the workshop scope in a way or

Naamani, Mohamad:
what you're planning to achieve this way will will be with you on the same page.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Yeah, so essentially what we're trying to do is just show an overview of the process variants so that be MRO, chemicals, drilling time, and so on. Like the before and after? Essentially, it's highlighting the change between the as is and the to be. That's the main goal of it. OK. Yeah, but we do it in a way where we showcase the new process, and then we describe the old one and show them basically where the change is, or highlight where the change is.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
So the changes that are under discussion have a lot of effect on that. For us and might cause what we're doing on Wednesday to be outdated slightly.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But this is what's not clear to me. So I know we have some other than the rebase lining, which should impact what you're discussing. But in terms of school, I don't think we have that much change in terms of the process to be process. Maybe some of the roles were trying to figure out if it's who are the concerned stakeholders and the rest of the team can confirm. Uh, we don't have that. Big of a difference in terms of that to be designed or the, uh, to be, uh, processes.

 So there would always be some fine tuning, but the bigger picture should be the same. Um now, if you want to elaborate a bit further, and then the process or the technical team confirm if this is a big change but that's my understanding to be honest I'm still not clear I know this related anything related to users yes we're still trying to uncover this mystery of MRO demand who's involved etc but still it's only related to later on in training and soon for user testing etc getting champions but for process I don't know about any change.

 So please explain further your concern or check with the team on the call. What is that area of to be process change?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Please.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
So if I may, I'll share my screen. Maybe visualizing it will help. Um, and also role has his hands up.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So maybe role would be able to show requires if this requires further discussion, then we'll take it offline. So we do not use. Either way, if this deserves to be an additional item on Hadis and Tara's list, definitely that's the purpose of the call. But given that it's a short call, if it's needed, then we'll discuss separately. But let's at least make sure we're on the same page in terms of changes.

 OK. So Raul, do you want to comment before Vishal continues?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so what I would recommend So what I would recommend is the only changes on MRO demand. So from a workshop perspective, what is getting planned, the rest of all the things can be continued. So that way we don't delay the entire activity and initiate the activity for the rest of all the process because we know nothing is changing in that area. Now when it comes to change in MRO demand, while the change is in terms of user being not available or the end user not to be involved, but there is also impact on the process side more.

 If that activity itself is not required, then the process is no more relevant on the demand side of MRO. So that needs a separate detailed discussion. So for now, let's park this, but the change management team can proceed with the rest of the processes and not stop the entire activity.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But even for demand, is this the one related to the nature of the data and the fact that there is slow movers? We'll discuss this now because I think here we need to be cautious how we're treating it. But in that case, isn't it safer to brief the team on Wednesday or when this is scheduled on the original plan, the original process that we have, at least so that they start getting involved in the nature of the change.

 Now, later on, there might be some tuning or we'll tell them. Again, that change like you and I discussed, Raoul, will not be across the board. It will not be, no one will be involved in this process. It might be a smaller team because not all items are fast movers or are worthy of checking the demand. So I prefer that we stick to what we have, not even exclude the MRO from this session. And then as we discuss now the data, which we're ready delays next, then we decide out of this MRO team or the demand team, demand MRO, how to treat this based on the quality of the, not the quality, the nature of the movement or the history of the solution.

 Does that work? And Rishir and Nikita, would that, because again, we don't want to delay stuff if it's not something that be completely wrong. I don't think at this point we are 100% sure. I'm not convinced personally, and at least I would like to be, that the whole thing will be excluded from those demand users. What will be the impact? Let's start with the baseline, what we have, like Hadi said, since it's not going to be a waste.

 And then if there is some changes, we'll introduce them then. At least then everyone would be with us on the same page. One thing we need to be cautious about, they're still not taking everything seriously enough. It's like feedback is coming late. When we talk about feedback, they'll say, yes, give us more time. So when you introduce change, it might need time to sink in. So let's take any opportunity we have and use it to the max.

 So let's not change, not even exclude the MRO if you agree or wouldn't.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
OK? So I agree. And Bishan, and Kyle, after the third, since we are in here, I'll explain what moments so that we are all on the same page here.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Now Hadi, from the list, if I may, because I have a meeting at 6.30, there are two items I would like us to discuss while I'm still on the call. One is the progress. Although we received late feedback on the 1BRD four or five BPD documents. I would like to know if for each of them we read the feedback and we started acting on and the reason for this is some of you were with us today were pushing very hard on Khalid to push on Asma and the team so that this late feedback and laid back attitude will stop.

 We don't want from our side to have any feedback that we receive but act on, they will say, since you're waiting for us, you didn't even bother to check our feedback. It seems no, you're not, you're actually busy with some other stuff. So that's one important point in terms of the status of acting on the feedback, that let's just check a quick status. The second point is, I'm not sure if Hector is with us, but at least I think Sebastian, I can see Sebastian and you is related to the nature of the data that we're getting in terms of demand, MRO data, and how the history of consumption is, which will impact how IBP will behave, whether there would be enough history to read.

 And so this is a second point. It's very important because, keep in mind, we cannot tell them something that would ruin the whole business case behind the project by saying that many items in MRO don't have enough consumption, which means there's nothing IBP can do.

Bastian Osorio:
We are integrating data and we get plenty of consumption records. We get more than 200,000.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So, of course, there are...

Naamani, Mohamad:
That perception is changing now, Bastian, because the last update, Last time we were talking, you and Hector are still ingesting data. And I understood from Raoul that it was looking not good, like barely any consumption. If now the picture is changing, then that's OK. We can have a separate alignment on it. But that's my concern. Is that what you meant, Bassem?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah. So Raoul, once you talk to the team about this data, I mean, I'm happy to join more from ideas, but also from the business case of the project. Assume like I'll play the client role just to validate this. So unless I misunderstood Raul, then we should be okay because it seems the data is not going to be a challenge, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
If that's the confirmation, then I think we should be okay. So quick check. Bastian, are you saying you're able to look at all the data, or the activity is complete, or is still in process?

Bastian Osorio:
Not all the data. We haven't had the time to look at all the data, but consumption history, corrective maintenance consumption history, and we have plenty of records. And we need to keep checking, but it seems like we will have all the different scenarios we thought initially with the data we have.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
So we'll be able to then use this data to do the unit testing the way we originally planned, right? With sessions for demand for MRO. Yeah, and everything, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
If that's the case, then more.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I think we should be aligned, but I will. I'll connect with the team and will understand in detail and then I'll update.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, like the other topics, they deserve different discussion, but at least at the high level we be okay, which means also the change that Nikita and Bishir were referring to might not even be needed. We would proceed with the original process if a good part of the data requires the same type of review from a demand perspective by the end-users. Okay, so let's proceed by order, Hamad. Should we start with the status?

 Yeah, so let's take this offline as you mentioned. Hadi, the only thing, yes, status of the because Gunjan is waiting for me in 15 minutes, so I just want to have a good visibility on this. So if we're pushing with Khalid, we don't look like we didn't do our homework. So maybe Kunal and Raoul, yeah Kunal I think, can brief us on every document. I'm assuming that's what I meant by the status, the five documents, so we see for each of them.



Roumanos, Hadi:
It needs to be structured, so for each of the documents that we haven't closed yet, what are the feedbacks that we've received and when and how have we tackled each of those there's two objectives here to make sure that we haven't missed any feedback that we've received so basically ignored some of them so that's the main objective number one objective number two is exactly so where do we stand in terms of addressing those types of feedback now mind you there is feedback that we may not need to address and we need to tell them why either because it's a scope creep and we don't the time to address this now, being mindful of that as well, right?

 But we need to acknowledge that that feedback was received and address it in a certain way, either include it in the documents or reply back to them saying, hey, we addressed three and four, we haven't because it's not part of what we're doing now. So is there a status that we can easily go over for each of those documents?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, Hadi.

Sheth, Kunal:
So now we have a bit more clarity on the status of each and every document. I can start with the document where we haven't received any feedback yet, like BPD, demand BPD for time, we did not receive any comment from the business yet. And the rest of the document, we have a couple of comments. And we also responded to those comments. So today we were having a discussion on MRO and chemicals. So that we have already addressed.



Naamani, Mohamad:
So let's go one by one, please. So maybe we'll start with BRD. Rather than what we received or not, let's go by sequence. Then BPD, MRO, chemicals, drilling, tie-in, and I think there's an old, these are all for supply and there's one for demand.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'm happy to include a slide and that's for us, Raoul. I'm happy to include the slide tomorrow in the status update to say for each document, here's the status and here's where we need your support, right? Because right now, we're still expressing this stuff as part of issues and risk. We need to be a bit more engaging when it comes to here's how each document is looking and how we need your help in closing them.

 If a slide is warranted, which I think it is, where we say these are the five documents and that's the status of each one, then let's include it.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
We have such slide prepared. I think Ami and Tara were working on this slide. I'm not sure if the slide is complete, At least tomorrow morning. We'll have flight.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, that's fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I mean I have time we have time to get ready But I think it's worth showing in the service update agreed But right now just a high-level update guys just for us to be efficient just at this point very high level Yeah, just five documents. We are the document feedback received. Yes or no? Acted on yes or no just quickly and sorry everyone, but the reason this is important We're raising hell on the delays from the business because now we have an increase of five weeks on the plan we're also discussing a change request and the pushback from the client is always no don't make it don't overdo it it should be fine you can manage etc it's actually worse because the five weeks seems to be more so we want to make sure our back is covered when we push they don't come back and say we gave you a feedback on last Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday you didn't even read it or comment so why are you complaining that's why we're being very picky because now it's almost like a push mode so we don't want to look like idiots so just please this quick update what does it what does it look like yeah so based upon today's discussion let me

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
give you this quick update if it is BRD we have one BRD to be approved BRD we have received many comments but there are still many comments which are from last week and we have not replied so which means we if we accept escalate to add knock, then this risk of getting back to us saying that you've not replied to our comment is still there with this PRD document.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But this is the one we received over two batches and we have like from Morgan a long list of changes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, but at least we started acting on them. It's not like we ignored. Yeah, we still need.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So there we are not all the way out. So not all the comments are replied, with there are a few comments which are not at all even initiated any conversation or reply upon and those are from like uh tuesday when I said last week which means that uh if we for sure we will escalate it with that not saying that we will receive late comment from tuesday wednesday last week on brd and we didn't even read them or we don't we've not replied to all the comments we've read them but uh there are few quite few comments which needs further discussion to even reply to that comment.

 So who is mainly responsible for the content?

Naamani, Mohamad:
So with Kunal, sorry team because I know different people worked on different documents especially for supply. Is it for example Kunal with Mo and Vivek or who's the core team?

Sheth, Kunal:
Mo from the core team, Hector is working from the GoSCM side and process side more is working for the BRD.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So do we have a bottleneck at this point?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Are we basically because and here if I think I have definitely I heard Sebastian I'm not sure about the rest because Hector is working more with Bastian on the build. Why is Hector now also trying to cover the documents where whereby we had Vivek, Raoul and Saul already working on the BRDs and they are the leads, unless they are working on the configuration and Hector is available. I just want to make sure we don't have any bottlenecks because we also have our four other BPDs.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
If we're stuck with the BRD, what about the other BPDs? Is also similar situation. We have comment from Asma from Tuesday last week which we need to reply and we have not replied, which means if we tomorrow escalate in our weekly theaters, this can always bite back to us saying you've not replied to our comments.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So no, in this case, guys, I need I need a straight answer. What's the issue? Is it capacity? I don't think so. If we have now full team on each side. So process, if it's capacity from more, I would like to know if it's capacity from the leads. Mainly it's supply, but I think one of the documents is demand. I would also like to know Because again, we're pushing hard, so I need visibility if someone would come back and say, look, shape up your reviews, you didn't even check the documents.

 So for this summary that Hadi was referring to, let's have a small table, each of the documents, how many comments or feedback, roughly, how many comments we received, how many we started acting or commenting on, because that's how well they were received. Uh, if we're not in good shape, that's not a good sign. So at least let me before I clue or I jumped out, understand what is the bottom across you.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You wanted to start answering.

Rocio Minguillon:
Please help me understand. Yeah, no, I was just to make clear that, uh, all the consultants, all the lead consultant that you mentioned are assigned to the configuration sprint that this week Vivek is starting the sprint. One of Wave 2 and Saul and Aaron are leading the Wave 1 configuration of each.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I would understand Saul and Aaron being on Wave 1 for sure, but if Vivek jumped on configuration of Wave 2 and dropped the review of Wave 2, then this is the wrong order. He should give this attention.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, no, exactly. Hector is leaving just because it's more, yeah, I mean, I'm not sure if they are being bottlenecked. Please, Rahul, let us know. Yeah, let's do this so we don't also waste everyone's time.

Naamani, Mohamad:
At least I have you and Sebastian and Bastian on the call. Can we have, please, visibility? So if we're creating this matrix or small table of, Tomorrow we have a weekly update, and we were planning to push everyone, including Asma, telling her you need to shape up with your team. So please, we need this visibility. If you can send it tonight, given the time difference, or tomorrow by noon UAE time.

 Just to say, from our side, I think Kunal has the summary. 20 comments received. One. Two, et cetera. And how many we acted on. Well, we need your help, Rocio, and the team What is the plan? How soon we can close them? And as Raoul mentioned, usually the IOC on the joint chat, there is a discussion. What is this? Cornell sending to Hector or Reinaldo or someone. Can you please address this point? Just for us to have visibility before we open fire and then we end up not in a good place.



Rocio Minguillon:
Can we do this, please?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, absolutely. Okay.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So Rahul you were saying PRD it looks okay not not on track BPD all of them at least the four the supply are also still not in progressing enough.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Two supply BPD MRO and chemicals those were reviewed today with AdNoc and we have high level approval from the reviewers to taken to be taken up for approval.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So it's drilling and tie-in now.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Just a minute pending comment from Ayesha, only the comments from Ayesha are to be addressed, rest all the comments are addressed, and if we are able to address the comments from Ayesha, we can take these two documents for approval. Now drilling, there are two documents from drilling, drilling and tying, so we've received today around, how many, 16 comments, right? So by end of the day today, they were supposed to give us comments, and we've received comments for drilling supply document, which means we'll have to, between today and tomorrow, make sure that we are closing those comments on priority so that we can initiate the approval for drilling.

 Ideally, if we are able to do it before our technical workshop tomorrow, then we can use the tomorrow's technical workshop to review this document and get the confirmation on the comments as well.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, at least to start reading them, maybe some of them are clear or not, just to initiate the review so that we can show that, okay, we didn't ignore them.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What about tie-in?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Tie-in, We've received comments for tying supply document. There's only one reward for tying because it's a very specific process to only one AGC, and we've received comment. So we'll be able to close tying tomorrow if we address those comments, which leads to only one document which is not at all replied back by AdNoc is tying demand.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
They didn't reply yet? No.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So we're mainly late more on BRD because we had received not only today even before we received feedback That's the one that seems to me the worst in terms of response because you cover to be to supply BPD for Amaro and chemicals are okay or yeah with some minor which means they saw that we're attending to the changes drilling and Tie-in so we're drilling we got the feedback. We need to act on you said tie-in for supply with no feedback or we got feedback And for supply, we got feedback.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
So all the supply documents, BPD documents, I think they're in good shape. For the DRD document only, we'll need to put more effort to close some of the points.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, especially because they feed also the BPDs. So if there are certain things we need to, OK, fine. So let's create the summary, please. And based on it, we'll take it from there based on this one. Yeah. Hadi, I know. It's an old habit. I hijacked a good part of the call, but to make you happy, I'll leave now for you to finish the rest of the list.

Roumanos, Hadi:
There's a few points I'd like to go over.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We won't go over the entire list as usual.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I can jump out, right?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, go ahead. Okay, thanks everyone. So, I want to cover a few points. One is, well, we launched So I wanted to address the asthma being part of the 9 30 a.m. Calls, but we can do that tomorrow morning. We can just Unless you had a chance to talk to Khalid about this If not, no, let's align with him tomorrow in the call directly. Yeah, exactly So so let's keep it a note to agree with Khalid that that's I think it's a good idea I just want to run it by him first.

 So that's point number one point number two is I On the rebaseline plan, so I don't know, Sebastian's still here? Yeah, so I booked us a session tomorrow. The goal is to recognize any additional delays that we haven't looked at when you came up with the first iteration of that rebaseline. And the second goal is to take into account the approvals that are needed during the build phase, as mentioned by Raoul today, and add those as hard dependencies for that plan to come to basically be viable and we will need to communicate those dependencies to everyone in AdNoc.

 So my goal is that tomorrow in our status update with them we tell them you see that the rebase time plan that we showed you last week it's no longer applicable because there's changes to it and the reasons for those changes are xyz namely the delays that we've faced since then right so that's the story we need to tell them tomorrow but the exercise that we need to do is to estimate what those dependencies are and to see if there's any additional pushes to that plan.

 I'd rather be conservative than aggressive at this point. Makes sense? I hope Sebastian heard all of this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah, I did hear it.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, good. So that rebase line is something that I'm a bit stressed about, so considering that we need to start raising the heat on everyone that, hey, we keep getting delayed. There's no point in rebaselining now if we keep getting delayed.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1:
Okay.

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Just to add to that, Hadi, from Sebastian, so if we look at the rebaseline plan, we are supposed to start the build today for the Wave 2. While the documents are not yet approved, which means if we don't place the approval by end of this week or early next week, then I don't know it will create impact on the rebaseline plan. So I just want to make sure that when we are discussing this, you are considering this additional delay on supply and document the impact of this.

 One more thing which has come up in the discussion is the FSD document, functional specification document. So our team is working parallelly on the RICEF list. And in the RICEF list, all the changes are anywhere if you're going to make any change in S4 HANA, Even before we start working on the development, we need to get FSD document created and approved from AdNoc. So I'm not sure if the baseline plan, re-baseline plan you've considered, considers this activity of creation of functional specific document and getting that approved so that we can meet that build, so that we can conclude the build phase in

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
time.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Anyway, we'll go over this during our call tomorrow. So that we don't take too much time in this particular call. So this is on the rebase line, and we need to voice it over tomorrow in our status update. We've covered the document approvals, BIDs, BPDs, et cetera, with Muhammad.

Sheth, Kunal:
Kunal, any news on what's been going on with SAP?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, Hadi.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, no, Hadi, as in? Uh we're following up did nothing happened or no Hadi as in it's a vacuum and we're ignoring it until something pops up or what's the story there do we have an estimate uh do we know uh STD point of

Sheth, Kunal:
view there are two points which is still open and because of that it is put on hold by Sintamesh on the request which was raised by Khalid so currently what is happening is uh Sagar is following up with Mustafa from from AdNoc to set up a SNC with a digital certificate, which was the workaround provided by Paola. So tomorrow, Sagar will set up a call, and then we'll perform this on Teams call. So that is one part.

 And the second one is, for the CIDS, it has been agreed by Santamish that if it is based on the AdNoc Azure ID, authentication then it would be fine for him to approve the SDD so that is also one of the point so on last Friday because of the lower attendance we unable to discuss this point in detail with the team yeah so Wednesday we will again bring up this point and discuss in detail for CIDS authentication.



Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Adi in simple terms we have two problems one problem is agreed the resolution is agreed between SAP between ADNOC and us we need to document and close it the second problem SAP has suggested a solution we need to test

Roumanos, Hadi:
a solution and if the solution works the second problem will also get solved. So for the first problem you say document and close is it on us or is it on someone else?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
It's on us to make sure the SDT is updated with the agreed process and Pentium confirms that on SDT.

Roumanos, Hadi:
By when do we want to by when can we close problem number one?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
I think it can be done in maybe tomorrow, Kunal, correct?

Sheth, Kunal:
Which one, CIDS part you are talking about?

Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2:
Yes, CIDS. Problem 1, CIDS. Correct. Yeah, yeah.

Sheth, Kunal:
So, Sagar and Reynaldo has already started updating the document and based on our discussion, it will be ready, I think. Reinaldo, can you please confirm on that part.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Fine, so let's assume within the next couple of days problem number one is solved. Problem number two we'll check on Wednesday. Let's voice a risk. Tara remind me, SDD is due for milestone three which is in end of Jan, correct? Or is it end of Feb? Sorry, three. That's my thinking as well. Let me just validate this.

Madhavan, Tara:
I want to raise that risk tomorrow.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Even though everybody's working on it, I want to say there's a risk on missing milestone three if we keep chilling on the old SD. The problem number two part. That's my main concern at this point for this. I have a question.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What about our milestone two?

Madhavan, Tara:
No progress there? So no, milestone two is fine, right?

Roumanos, Hadi:
We're just at invoicing, but there's no progress. Yeah, invoicing.

Sheth, Kunal:
It's something that's pending with Firas.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So not on us. I'm following up every day with Khaled. At this point, I'm boring him, but to approve the budget for it. So anyway, not important since it's with them. Milestone 3 is what's important because we have half of Jan left and something tells me that SDD is going to take its sweet time, especially that second problem node. So let's raise that risk tomorrow to tell them we have risk of missing milestone 3 in case we don't shape up on the SDD approval.



Madhavan, Tara:
I think we have time till it in the document that I have.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It says 28th Feb. The SDD.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, FSD, DSD, SDD, configured system, SIT completed, high level change impact assessment.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All of those are milestone three, which is end of Feb. Yeah, 28th Feb. That's fine, then ignore it. OK, that's fine. Still important, but less important from a milestone perspective, OK? Uhm? That's three points. OK, I don't want to overextend this call. Anyone else needs to bring something to our attention? All right, if there's anything, we'll tackle it. Otherwise, thank you, everybody, and talk tomorrow.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thank you. Thanks, guys. Bye. Bye. Bye-bye. You

