Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Hi Khushboo, Happy New Year.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Hi Moo, Happy New Year.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
How are you?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Good, yourself? Good, good. Let's see if we have somebody. I'm going to see me joining.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
How was your break, Khushboo? It was all good. I was traveling.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
How about you? Nice.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Did you travel somewhere? Just India.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Nice. Nice. Spent time with the family. Yeah. How about you? It was good. I was in Dubai the whole time. Oh, okay. I'm an uncle. Right now, recently.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Congratulations.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So yeah, I started the new year with, let's say, a new title.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
That's nice, good news.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So yeah, now I don't want to, yesterday, so last night I came back to Riyadh, and I'm like, you know what, I don't feel like I'm staying in Riyadh, I want to go back to Dubai.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Already? Yeah.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Just move then, move already. Maybe, one day, yes.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah. Are you planning to be here in office as well, anytime soon?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So I sent Valdivia. A note for hotels the week of the 12th. So the same travels as Raoul. But I remember like two weeks ago when she provided me a quote for the week of the 12th, it was like a thousand dirhams per night. So I was like, okay, no, I'm not going to travel. But Raoul mentioned...

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
expensive and crowded this week and the next, because they have a concert here.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
But Raoul mentioned that he found, Valdivia was able to find him a good quota, it was like the same regular standard price, which was like 400 per night. So I sent her a note again, so we'll see.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Okay, okay, good.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Yeah, hi.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
We're waiting for someone from going seem to join, but it looks unlikely that they will. I'll drop them a note because we cannot have them not joining in any of the sessions. Yeah, yeah, and then let's also discuss this in huddles.

Sheth, Kunal:
Also confirmed with you that. A number of hours per week, right? I don't remember the exact number, number, he would be available for this meeting. Two hours or four hours per week, something Hector mentioned. I think initially what he said was do it just twice a week.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I think he said 30 minutes. But at least to start off with, we want to do this every day. I can still reduce it to 30 minutes if we don't need the full hour. We basically need a forum to connect internally to have all the technical discussions. The other is not the placement because there we have a lot of other topics as well.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Correct, correct.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So we we definitely need this session and once we are all aligned we are on track then we can produce a number of instances.

Sheth, Kunal:
Sure, so I think let us get their feedback based on their availability otherwise because without them we won't be able to proceed because most of the points related to technical only.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, in fact, even I also have some open topics here because even even in the next technical discussion with AdNoc apart from the topics that we have for drilling, if we don't have this alignment internally, then in my opinion we don't have. We don't have topics that we can bring to AdNoc for discussion.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Right, right, correct.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
OK. And I'll drop them a note and also ask them in the Hadoop to join these sessions.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure, sure.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Alright, let's do it again. Kunal, in terms of BPD, I think for MRO, I've added the comments. I think there was like a two or a few. So I added those comments. For chemicals, I sent a note. You saw it in the chat. Just need a confirmation from GoSCM. Then we can add this. So there's a few technical things for the chemicals that are not answered. I'm not sure who's taking into consideration these.

Sheth, Kunal:
For the technical part, I have written separate email to Hector and to reply on the review comments mentioned by the ad hoc team.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. OK. Yeah.

Sheth, Kunal:
Because it's possible I updated myself. But wherever I need it there, because these are the points which are actually having an influence on the configuration part. So that's why I keep that point open.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Segregation of duty or delegation of authority, we said that we're not going to be doing it based on limit. Right that's different so uh what's his name uh was was asking about this like he wants he wants to have a delegation of authority uh so I just wanted to check because I know there was a discussion regarding workflows and all um what was the outcome of it the workflow part we have discussed but still it is open we have not because I know last week I was because I was on leave uh there was a call that was scheduled for uh workflows remember what was the outcome Yeah, please go ahead.



Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I'm just saying so what? So what I heard from Rahul, I think we internally agreed that we can do a demonstration to add now in the second or third week of January. And in that session we can understand from them exactly which approvals we need to start configuring. What are their approval requirements? Basically, and in parallel, this is also something that I think Rahul was working management team to understand their roles and responsibilities and who's going to play what role in the approvals, but more or less this is an open topic.



Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Okay, so another sesh, because we, Hector already did, Hector did the demo regarding workflows, but what we're saying is that we're going to do, let's say, another demonstration with a focused group and tell them this is how it is, and then in the meeting we're going to ask what exactly do you want?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yes, I think that that's going to be the focus of that session will be demonstration of the product first, the initial configured solution, and then we can take a few minutes to discuss approvals as well.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, OK.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
And then of course plan a dedicated session if needed. Yeah, and if you see all the comments, you know, and even before I went on leave, kept on saying they want, you know, workflows to be based on delegation of authority, but that's not how IBP works. Okay. All right. Sounds good. And anyways, I'm going to connect with change management team to see what happened regarding the roles, because Raoul mentioned that GoSCM added a few roles.



Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah. OK. Also, from what I know from Rahul, I think he spoke with the change management team, and they have all the information now. So we should be good there, but worth checking. Yeah. All right.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Sounds good. I will definitely do that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Just one last question, Kunal. About test cases, we've been talking that we need to get started with this. Cases have test scripts and I know you mentioned that the starting point is BPD. We mentioned the scenarios of the BPD. Do you have any existing test cases, test scripts from any previous IDP implementation that we can leverage, you know, start customizing based on AdMob's design and start putting together the scripts?



Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Koushbo, do you have access to One SAP? For me?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
For me?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
No, I don't think so, no.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Okay, so let me share my screen. This is where we basically take our What is it called? Is this SAP?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, it's a process navigator. Signavio? Yes.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I think Mo is referring to it. Best Practice Explorer.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Ah, OK. For IBP.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
For SAP in general. Yeah, yeah.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I have access to a learning hub, but I don't know if the same thing will work on this as well.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I do have a universal ID. OK, OK, yeah. I'm still using my PwC one. But if you go to your process navigator, If you have a learning hub, if you have access to learning hub, then you should have access to this.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
But how will this be helpful for test scenarios?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'll show you.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So if you go to, Let's say one of them.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Can we not like just search?

Sheth, Kunal:
No, no, yeah, I'm just checking because I just need to find something. It is already there. Just click on the second in the solution scenario.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
That is second one.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah. No, I think further down.

Sheth, Kunal:
Oh yeah, yeah. OK, now click on the MRO. No. But it is a very limited.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Test scripts which mentioned here so on top of that we can build on it right yeah it must be like a baseline so let me know if you have access to it and then so they have it in word

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
document but I think the link of the previous tab and I'll check directly.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Definitely.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
The process navigator, yeah.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I'll go to the previous one here. Because this has all, because we're using also some Those are basically the scripts. But I think, An Excel template would be better.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah. Because at least an Excel template you can filter, right? Here you can't.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
You can't filter by what is past, what is present.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
But we will have to create, I think, Word documents, right, for SIT. When we actually start recording the test results and we'll probably need Word.

Sheth, Kunal:
For training.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
yes but typically what I've done like during testing excel would be enough unless they're requesting for each let's say step they want a picture then yeah I mean maybe a word document would be better I think that's what they

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
are going to ask for I think that's my understanding yeah because they because what would be the criteria otherwise then for them to give a sign off. If you just give them a document saying if it's a pass or a fail, I don't think that would be enough to sign off. There's going to be like, I can... I think AdNoc should have templates for this. We can just ask Khaled.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Yeah, but if not, if Khaled is not going to provide, what we can do is I can check with my old, what I have from old documents, because typically in the Excel template, there's multiple tabs. One is like the test steps. One is like the test scenario. What are we actually testing? And then one tab is basically kind of like an approval. Who's going to, like, who are the testers? What are the roles? And then, you know, like a section where we say if it's a pass or a fail, and this could be kind of a proof.

 Yeah, like persona-based scenarios. Right. And then in each step, yes, you'll have like, you know, for each step, whether it's a pass or fail, but there's going to be an overall, let's say, for this whole test, whether we want to pass it or fail

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
it. Yeah.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So, yeah, let me know if you have access to it. Yeah, I'll check this. We can work together on it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
All right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, that's it.

Sheth, Kunal:
We can also ask the OSCM for the MRO industry specific if they have done any implementation. See, MRO we get as per the SWA best practice which Mo has just showed to us. But apart from MRO, like drilling is a very unique requirement for AdNoc, which we need to customize the test script based on their requirement, number of steps plus the number of variants.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I think what we have here is just the baseline. We have to work with OSCM to refine all of those.

Sheth, Kunal:
Right, right. OK. And for the workflow part, which you just mentioned on top of it, what they have confirmed that workflow is not their current priority because they can push later on also. What I understood based on our last week discussion with GoSCM team, they are more focusing on the core topics of IBP.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
That's fine Kunal, but I think we need to have like a baseline That's why I think this call is very important, at least for the next one, to everyone beyond this call, to at least say, if this is not a priority, it's fine, it's not a priority, but let's have a target date when we want to have, let's say, this call. So that we can, we're all aligned on the timelines, right? For example, right now, today was my first day, I don't know what is, you know, to me the priority was the workflow, but it doesn't mean that the priority for GoSTM is the workflow.



Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, also to understand if we need any input from AdNoc. It may not be a high priority internally, but if we need to understand more input from AdNoc, then we'll have to run that in parallel.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Okay, so maybe Khushboo, in the update, Maybe let's just ask go SCM team if tomorrow's time with tomorrow's call because tomorrow unfortunately Or maybe we can do it after the call it doesn't matter because tomorrow I have a training all day but so if they cannot at maybe we can align after the huddle or if not, you know, you guys can a line on tomorrow and then I'll just check what are like the dates.

 I'll try to jump out of the the training and so that I can attend that call.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
To define the timeline you mean?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Yeah just to say okay you know right now Kunal you mentioned that GoACM they said that this is not a priority and that's fine if it's not a priority but we just need to understand when it will become a

Sheth, Kunal:
priority for them so so that we want to set dates and in fact more Rahul and I have also highlighted a risk of not considering the workflow as a topic see for them it is not a key topic but for ad hoc it's a very critical topic because it can be a source topper for the go live also if we are not able to deliver this requirement yeah yeah we don't need to go all the way to the

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
risk let's just align first in it internally with the team when can we have what can we start talking about this and then we can set dates to each of those open items I think we need to set up

Sheth, Kunal:
a follow-up call on this yeah we don't need to go all the way to to start immediately with risks.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Well, let's just see internally.

Sheth, Kunal:
Actually, some of the GoSCM, I don't remember his name, because he tried to push after GoLive this functionality. So we have raised this topic that it's a critical and maybe it can be a source. What do you mean after GoLive? That is in the HyperCare. And HyperCare with two workflows? I think it's going to work like that. So that is the reason. Because the last last week we were discussing in detail.

 I think it's Hector or Bashir.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I don't remember exactly really. It's like going in procurement. You do PR PR approval workflow after hyper care doesn't work.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, yeah.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
OK, so yeah, let's just align.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Alright, yeah, I'll push them to join this 12 to one and use this one hour to discuss everything. Sure.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. Okay.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah. Thanks. Thanks.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Thank you. Thank you. My.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Bye!

