UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
If I did my can on, uh, no, I can't, but I will, I will mention a, I connected with Raul. He said that, yeah, he's going to invite me with a call with, uh, a small, and then based on that, we need to revisit the process.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
He didn't invite you.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
I still didn't get it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, but one tomorrow, that's why you mentioned No, I didn't get the invite So there's one tomorrow at 9 a.m.

Madhavan, Tara:
Okay Yeah Can you hear me?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Hi. The calls that we're having to address key points, like the one at 1 p.m. Today and tomorrow at 9, please add the rest of the team. If someone cannot attend, it's fine. But, for example, Mo should have attended, because this is something also we need to work with him on in terms of any updates or to create the slides. And whomever from GoSCM team is available to attend. So from our side, let's have all of our team in CC.

 Whomever can attend, some of us can cover for each other, but at least the more the merrier.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Sorry, which session are you talking about?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Between the two workshops today, we discussed and Khaled. It was drilling, not...

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Not that one, okay.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
It's collective maintenance.

Naamani, Mohamad:
It's this issue with forecast, so this workload that will be added when basically we're adding workload for forecast to be approved. At the same time, they already have this reservation to be approved, which is a customer So this is basically something that we discussed with Asma and Khalid. We mentioned it during the first session, and we had a quick meeting. But this is why I'm saying, let's add everyone, Raoul and Tara, please.

 Let's not have, because otherwise it would be very hard later on to update the rest of the team.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Guys, we have most of us here, so let's get started. The sooner we finish, the better. We're going to go through the list that we have, as I've mentioned yesterday, so let me share my screen. Adi, can I suggest one thing?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Because Nikita wanted us to talk, but we didn't get a minute to have a chat. Before you go through through the list, shall we ask the team if there are new risks that we didn't get the chance to know about them? This way, if we took a long time to discuss the status of each, if there is something new, we don't spend a gazillion.

Roumanos, Hadi:
This is fine. I agree. I agree. This is fine. And then the worst case is what we do is Raoul, myself, and Tara, we review this offline, and then we'll ask questions to the team. Maybe that's a better use of everybody's time from it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I agree. Exactly. You'll add it to your log. If it's not 30 seconds then it deserves a separate discussion.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's do this and then for each of the risks we'll update them internally guys on the list and then if we have a need for your input on any of them then we'll reach out separately. The only thing that I will mention before we get into Nikita is Rosio we had talked about detailed activities in the build phase I believe last week. We still don't have that visibility so if I can please ask you to communicate that to us in whatever shape or form, right?

 So right now, all we have is something that's called a configuration line item, which is not enough, right? We had spoken about this. So whenever you can, it's going to help us determine what are the breakdown of activities in the build phase.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Okay, so do you mean the current activities or the future activities? Already defined with data.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So, effectively, the build phase for us, we don't have visibility on the activities that are happening. All we see is one line item that is called configuration. So, I want to understand how we can break this down. So, you tell us who's working on what and by when these items will finish, right? So, think of it as a plan within a plan.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Okay, yes, we have the separation between the functionalities that we are configuring in each So maybe I can share with you that and the progress, of course.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Share with me some plan that you're following and then if we need more details we can have a separate conversation on that. OK, sure. Alright, thank you.

Madhavan, Tara:
Alright, I'll leave you to. And Rocio can keep updating the text regularly if it is in the share folder. It will be easy.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Um, one step at a time. I don't want to break the plan that we already have, right? So let's see what she has once she shares it with us. If it can be embedded within our plan, fine. Otherwise, we can track it separately.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'm okay with that as well.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, back to you, Mohamed, and the team so that we go around the table to see if there's anything else that's popped.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Based on today's discussion, Tara, Khalida shared a format for test scripts.

Patel, Rahul:
We'll need to share this internally with the team. It's on AdNoc side, so that the test scripts getting prepared are in line with the AdNoc format. In a couple of days, we'll also have the to ALM tool so that we can look at the tool and make sure the scripts are uploadable on the tool. That's one point. Second, Nikita, we've received feedback of the DLing end users from offshore, from Abdul Latif.

 I've sent that email to you. Nikita and Kai. I've shared that with you, which means that The only point left now is the MRO and maintenance related activity for which we are already having conversation. So today we had one conversation and tomorrow we'll continue that conversation with Asma to bring in more clarity.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
There's also for Adnox our gas because they weren't included in that email and for all your sites and old Afra. But I've reached out to I was told to speak to Read from Adnox our gas of message Tim. I was told to speak to Mohammed Ashique, but he's on leave, so I'm speaking to the person who he mentioned in his out of office to get those people as well.

Patel, Rahul:
So Abdul Karim should be the point of contact for alias at an al-dafra and yeah, redo is the correct contact for Stargaz.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, so those are the two from training that are still outstanding.

Patel, Rahul:
We know tomorrow if have you sent an email directly to this guy? And do they know they need to provide this data?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yes, I've contacted them, not an email, I spoke to them on Teams.

Patel, Rahul:
The way we've sent the email to the drilling team through Khalid, let's make sure that same email goes to the Sargass and Aliafath and Al-Dhafra team as well. And Drido is part of our regular discussion, so we can quickly talk to him and ask him to get the knowledge.

Naamani, Mohamad:
related to a risk or an issue, right? Because we cannot use this call to agree action items overall. We have so many things and then we'll never finish. So definitely you can take this offline, but if this is related to an update that Hadi and Tara need on the risk and issues, for sure. Otherwise, I wanted Nikita and anyone else, if you have any new risks before we go through the existing listing list that we have.



Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
OK, this can be taken up offline.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So before Hadi and Tara go through the list that we have. Nikita, you wanted to discuss something when you get the chance. It's not about risk. No, no, no, no new risk from our side. OK, then we'll have to try again tomorrow. Because anyway, this is an hour on top and I have a call at 7. Time show anyone else that has an issue or the risk not on our list. This way at least we give you the chance to give us an addition if you want to add an additional entry.

 Otherwise we'll go through critical then. I blah blah. Seems not so.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Going once. Going twice.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Maybe if we want a 30-second judgment of the workshops today, good, bad, ugly. Who's volunteering? Again, no comments, but just like, what's your first feeling? You can add it as a risk. If you feel, actually, let me give you this chance. If you think, based on today, we have an issue on how then add it from now as a new risk or issue, raise it so we can add it, and then we'll proceed with the remaining.

 Any red alerts based on today's session, things that are not on our list, like connectivity and Excel add-on and the data store, et cetera? I don't know if there is no one on the call. Who's interested to talk, or we have no issues. Let's proceed.

Patel, Rahul:
Probably Bastian, Hector, you want to update? How do you think the call went, considering you've had this multiple times with different clients?

Bastian Osorio:
I think it went well. I think the attitude of them, and it's something that I said yesterday, when they have access to the system, their attitude changes completely. The fact they're able to to play with at least some subset of data, definitely it gives a different flavor of the solution. Of course, we have some tough, not in bad sense, but tough conversations regarding the forecast base or reorder point, but they seems to buy this.

 I mean, as far as I can see, of course, they seem to buy the solution.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So at least they didn't reject it immediately. Yeah, and Bastian, this is why I said at the beginning, let's make sure everyone attended. I don't think you and the team, it was mainly Raoul in SKEC2 with Asma and Khaled and their business team. So we started, but it was half an hour, that's why we were late for the other session. Tomorrow we have 9 till 10. So again, not everyone has to attend, but let's make sure we're aware.

 Tomorrow we'll continue this discussion specifically about forecast for corrective maintenance, what do we do, what's the impact of additional work and their due acceptance of reservation, so on and so forth, not to mention the preventive. So that discussion is basically triggered and it's good because Asma said no for sure, let's continue because we need to jump to the workshop, let me understand it fully and then we'll check how to go to management.

 So I think that machine that will help us in parallel to the workshop is ongoing. Let's, I mean, if you have this as a risk from your side, which is basically all pending points, all those question marks about the EWM team and their involvement and the change management impact on them. So this is on the table. It's good. Definitely not out but we were working on it.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, but good point. They didn't reject the idea right away. Because with some others' ideas, they say, no, that's absolutely not going to happen. This is not possible. In fact, here, they look at that and say, yeah, kind of makes sense.

Vivekanand Gajula:
So of course, that situation can change.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
But that's what I'm saying. The fact that they didn't, I mean, they didn't reject the idea immediately, they didn't say yes with excitement. But we have some space. Yeah, yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
The last point before we go to the list of issues and risks is the reason also, as we discussed yesterday, we cannot have tough or hot discussions with the bigger audience. Even Asma today, we told her, OK, we will continue the discussion. To be with this core team. She said yes, I don't want multiple parties, which is good. So the reason I'm saying this before we move on, if we have tough discussions during the workshops, we can say point taken, we'll have this on our pending points, which Asma, Khalid and the core team are addressing separately so that we can take this.

 This way they know they're not, I mean, those are not discarded, but at the same time, it doesn't become a part. If we're okay on this, again, to respect the rule, this is mostly risks and issues. We can move on, Hadi, if you'd like to drive.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I just have one question to Kunal before we get into our list. I tried grabbing you into our earlier meeting, Kunal. So regarding one of the risks that in our status update right so we still have technical risks as an overarching risk item so the question I have here is are those today purely related to sdd or do we have anything that's outside of sdd that hasn't been resolved so we here as of last week we had the excel plugin which now is removed right so is there anything that's left here that is not that is not sdd related yeah yeah so that is one another risk that is related to the IBP data store so pause pause we have the data store as have you seen this document or not yet because the data store is an issue today which is highlighted as critical with an impact on the timeline okay and again this is something that we need to start screaming about if we are not screaming today um so this is this example There's also the risk that we've added on MRO demand planning, which is something that is ongoing, where we need a decision from AdNoc.

 My question, and we have SDD as a separate line item that also you're tracking on a day-to-day basis as a risk. My question is, now that we've covered all of this and the Excel has been closed, what remains open as part of the technical open items?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah. See, within SDD, we have two threads, which is treated as a risk, which we have raised by SentaMask. So, R15 row item, which we can see, that is nothing but the part of SDD only.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so that's my question. So, there's nothing here that is not tied to SDD, correct?

Sheth, Kunal:
No, R15 is tied to SDD. So, to mitigate two risks, one of the points which we are going to address through R15 line Maybe maybe I'm not making myself clear.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Is this is this is this not related to SDD? Yes or no? It is related to SDD. Fine, so I'm going to take this away. Everything related to SDD goes under the SDD risk and you and Tara of this call can break this down to add the items that you're talking about which fall under SDD which you've sent an email regarding those points in the So, I don't want to separate them otherwise we'll start confusing people.

 So, the SDD item is R12 and we'll detail it further to include the points that you're following up on. This disappears because it's tied to SDD and I don't want to have multiple rows or multiple risks tied to SDD. Okay, we can track them as part of the same risk. Does that seem fair?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, yeah, correct, correct.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'll align with Tara and update this. Okay, okay, thank you. So, that was one item of discussion. Critical items I'd rather not spend everybody's time to go over that entire list we can do this offline as I've mentioned earlier but at least let's make sure that we're not forgetting anything that's on the critical step so STD we just talked about it this is on I'm not gonna say on track but at least we're all over this so I'm not too worried about it.

 Drilling data and drilling demo we have 28 as a deadline which is today so what's the latest on this and Raoul I expect an input here. So, is this something that we can close or we can update the date?

Patel, Rahul:
Let's update. The activity related to sharing template to the EWD team is complete today. It was due today and we have sent it. Now, let's update that we now await data from or confirmation of the template with data from drilling team and we expect this by Friday 31st.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Clear. Thank you.

Patel, Rahul:
A question here. Go SCM team. If we are able to get this data by Friday 31st, can we utilize this for our drilling demo, which is the next week?

Bastian Osorio:
When is the drilling demo?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thursday.

Naamani, Mohamad:
On Friday? It's actually Thursday.

Patel, Rahul:
It's actually after, no? Yeah, the last demo is the drilling demo, which is on Thursday.

Bastian Osorio:
Have we scheduled the meeting already?

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, the invites were already sent based on original plan.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
I mean, they said that they didn't want to cancel it just in case we can't do it. I mean, yeah, it is scheduled, but if we, I mean, we are lying that if we can't do it, we don't do it.

Bastian Osorio:
I mean, I would like to have the information first, to get you the confirmation, because if it's not the quality that we are requiring, I would like to confirm the session.

Patel, Rahul:
So let's have the info, and then we give the confirmation.

Bastian Osorio:
All right.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And I think this is a good way to manage them. We'll say, give us the data by Friday, Max, and then we'll try to make it ready, depending on the quality. This way, we'll keep pushing them, but at the same time, if it's not good enough, we don't do this. So it's a good update for you, Hadi?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, good enough. My concern is that we don't drop anything because we have so many things that we're juggling. Number of end users, I think we're tracking this along with Kyle and Nikita. So this is also, it's delayed, but at least we're not forgetting about it. Is there a next step identified here, Kyle, to add as an action item?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Well, the next step would be that this informs the training strategy and training approach that we're going to take. I'm aware, but did we have...

Roumanos, Hadi:
yeah, so that will happen once we identify and quantify the number of end users. My question is, by when this is going to happen, we don't have an answer, and I get that, but what is the immediate action that we're taking to make progress on the number of end users. So I know that there is this Excel that you've put together, and I know that this had the dependency on the memo that you wanted to share.

 So my question is, what is the next thing that you do to make progress on this particular item? Is it sharing the memo? Is it sitting down with Asma and Abdullah?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
What's the immediate thing? So as soon as that discussion is finalized with Asma and team and an approach has been agreed upon, the memo be updated. Okay, when is this discussion with Asma and team happening? Tomorrow morning. But I'm not sure if a decision is going to be made at that meeting.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, fair enough. So I'll wait for your update to see when we get that finalized and then share a memo after that which drives the population of these.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
The memo will go out with the end-user identification template and that's specifically for MRO and chemicals. The rest of the users, I think we should be able to have hopefully by tomorrow or Thursday.

Patel, Rahul:
OK, you might want to mention here the the sour gas, alias ethanol, which are which we are waiting for right from the link.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, yeah, but I mean, I'm hoping to get that tomorrow, so I've already messaged them. Another follow-up email. But yes, if you want to mention it, you can mention it.

Patel, Rahul:
That's fine, no need.

Roumanos, Hadi:
What I expect though is in each of the huddles, you give us a brief update on how you're progressing on this so that we don't keep on asking. So just take three minutes in each huddle, tell us, hey, that's how we progressed, okay, so that we don't forget about it.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Okay, and then can I just ask, when that memo goes out and we send the end-user identification template, I'm guessing that we're going to give them a deadline date, right, to respond back to that because otherwise this could take quite a while. Correct. Correct.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Discuss this with Asma would be my suggestion, but don't cross a realistic timeline. So it shouldn't take more than two or three days to identify everybody. It should be a list that's known to everyone. But again, I don't want us to give them something that's not realistic for them. So my suggestion would be agree with Asma on a realistic timeframe for them. But yes, I agree. Give them a deadline.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And it needs to be written in whatever email you share the memo through. Yeah, OK. Alright, FSDTSD. We had a few dates that we agreed on. Rossio, any update on those? I know that we have one FSD we had agreed on January 27, which is yesterday.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Yes, we were delay on that, but actually I just send it to Gunal and Rahul to review it.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, yes, alright. Give us an update as soon as you're able to finalize that wave 1 FSD. And it's already delayed as of today, so that's that's on you. Let us know once once you figure it out.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
I mean, we already finalized the way one and now I need your your review so we can so you're able to share with us. But at first I want you to review it.

Patel, Rahul:
Sure. I saw your email. We'll get back to you soon. Hopefully, tomorrow we will close this item.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
All right.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thank you guys. BlueJRP, this is something we can do. Hadi, where is the DSRisk? The one that created or we got some data, then the connection stopped and we're facing issues. And Raoul said this is already impacting us, and we said let's add it. Is this covered and I missed it?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, the data store? Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I don't know if it's in critical or in high. We'll check once we get to high.

Naamani, Mohamad:
How can it not be critical if it's already in the discussion and Raoul said it will delay? Valid point.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We have it here, as I've shown a bit earlier, as an issue. Right my my it's a valid question whether we have it in the excel or not let me just go through it and then if it's not we'll move it to the right critical guys please this list is your list

Naamani, Mohamad:
collectively if you think something is misclassified as critical or not or the due date etc with this for the fun of it otherwise let's not do the call the idea is to help us figure out what is pressing burning basically on and address it. If this case now is not an issue and it's resolved, I'm happy. If it's not and it's not uncritical, then that's a different story. Unless I missed an update and it's now in good shape, maybe that's the case, or I hope so.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Raul Kunal.

Patel, Rahul:
I think this is still an open item, correct?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, it is still an open item and yesterday Khalid raised a request and currently are awaiting endorsement from the risk and compliance team.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Why is it critical? Doesn't it have a bigger impact than TSD, FSD or is it me? It has the biggest impact in the priority from a priority perspective. That's that's my point and so the criticality is high and on the right side it's not even red it's purple or whatever darker color. Anyway it's maybe me I'm I'm concerned that we're having those calls but something still slips and then later on we'll have a discussion, I would say why wasn't this raised earlier.

 I don't know what to do but definitely we still need to improve.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So just to dial down a bit, we have it raised, we have the impact, we're communicating to AdNoc, if it's missing in our Excel as you said Mohamed will add it now, but it's escalating it enough at this point.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Agreed. Okay, let's proceed.

Bastian Osorio:
What are the actions that are we taking to finish this, I mean to help ad-hoc solve this?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Raul, do you have an answer to this? Again, it's pertaining to the data story.

Patel, Rahul:
Technically, one of the IPs got blocked by the firewall and It took us a while to get to the point where we could identify the issue. Sagar was helping us from, go the same team. In discussion with the SAP, we could find out it's a firewall issue. Now, the resolution is happening where the firewall team is supposed to make the changes so that the interface comes back online. We are hoping by tomorrow, we'll be able to close it.

 And it's been highlighted and escalated with Khalid and ad-hoc team member that this is not creating delay in our project timeline.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right? Yes.

Sheth, Kunal:
And Hadi, because currently it is pending with the risk and compliance team endorsement, the problem is that Shintam is on leave and Khalid is currently working on another guy. So maybe if we can push from the upper side maybe Firas can escalate then it can be done easily otherwise we need to wait one more day so sure just to answer how much we have it the problem is

Roumanos, Hadi:
this turned into an issue now that is bright purple or whatever high criticality we have so Kunal I trust that you can follow up on this right since we Okay. Does that answer your concern, Hamad?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Well, honestly, if I'm not on the call, it wouldn't have been addressed. So that's my concern. Because we need to raise hell on everything that will delay us a day. That's why we're having this call. And that's why critical should be four or five of them. But again, this is me because I'm concerned when there's something I miss. If it's getting enough. So Rahul is saying we're not there yet. Kunal is saying we're not there yet.

 But no one is basically making a fuss. That's my concern. So do I have the answer now that it's critical? Yes. Am I comfortable? No, I'll be honest. Because basically it means we're not... Guys, you need to raise that risk, not wait for the huddle. The huddle, if there's an exception, we didn't get the chance, like I didn't talk to Nikita there's something new we'll add it. But that list should be always alive and reflecting.

 So Kunal, you have Tara as a reference. You don't need to spend time. I know we're all busy. You tell Tara, look, this is something now that's really bad or heavy. Help us help you. But when you come and say the critical, the high or medium risk that is on the list basically is going to burn, it's moving from green to red, that will not work. They'll tell us you're amateurs. Don't even know how to manage programs or risks.

 So that's my concern. We need to have the right assessment. Not everything is critical. That's why for me, the FSDTSD is not yet impacting. I would call it high unless I misunderstood how early is the impact. Again, let me stop, but I would like us to be on top of things. Maybe that's one exception. So I'll stop. That's reassuring the concern.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah another point from my part I don't know if anyone wants to talk first.

Roumanos, Hadi:
The reason why it was set as critical Mohammed is because it has an impact on goal life per our agreement in earlier discussions so whatever had an impact on goal life should be critical but I'm happy to notch it down too high if that's everybody's consensus. I'll tell you my definition.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So, uh, whether now or later, almost everything will have an impact on go live. But the point is if we're late for a week and then it immediately has an impact on go live or we have two months to address it and it has an impact on go live. That's the lens I use. Make it critical or high, et cetera. Again, otherwise everything will be critical because everything will impact the goal. For me, it's the items that are there.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's it. Hamad, you're cutting off a bit.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We need to recover or probably we'll be late.

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's a definition. Now, FSD will impact the goal live. Anything you could think of now even a training plan. At this point, we have a buffer. Logically, it will impact the go live. But as long as we have a buffer and we're operating, then it could be less than critical. I'm happy to discuss this, the classification offline.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It means we need attention immediately. Sure.

Bastian Osorio:
Bastian, you had a point you wanted to mention? Yeah. For Rahul, you mentioned you share the supply chain network in the KPMG chat. We'll review it with Vivek, but it's not what we need. So maybe we can meet later to give you the details of what is exactly needed to keep progressing in the supply scenarios and user scenarios.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, let's align separately. Let's keep going. Guys, Buruj, this is sorted, right?

Patel, Rahul:
Buruj, this is sorted, but I don't think everyone has access. Plus, for Buruj, I want to highlight, do we have Rinaldo? Because I've been trying to connect with him, and once he had said that he has not received the developer key, and the work at Buruj doesn't hold, so I don't have confirmation if he has received the developer key.

Bastian Osorio:
Okay, who can help us? Sagar, are you seeing Sagar here?

Patel, Rahul:
Sagar or Roshu, can you confirm?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, of course.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Give me what, yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
And in general, from an access perspective, I think Tara, you raised this request, right? For all the users. So we have received solution. I have to, I haven't received it. OK, we have received the solution. Buruj system from our existing Ad-Lock VDI, we'll have to access Buruj VDI and Tara will raise the request for everyone to get Buruj VDI.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So Tara, okay question, we had agreed to do this action with a date due six days ago, so is there a reason why this got dropped in terms of price I think this got allocated to Tara today only, correct Kunal? Yesterday you tested everything. Yeah, today evening. OK, so when is this going to happen?

Madhavan, Tara:
I will raise it today or tomorrow.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Tomorrow, let me add the date for tomorrow. And then you can give us an update. Guys, give me just one second. I'll be right back.

Patel, Rahul:
Kunal, you're able to test this VDI, right? It's working for you.

Roumanos, Hadi:
If you can, if you can go over the rest of the items. Raul, I'll be back in a second.

Patel, Rahul:
Sure, sure, I will continue. So, it's working right for you?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, yeah, Buruj system is perfectly working fine for me. The only thing is we need to raise additional VDI for Buruj. So, it's a nested one. So, within AdDoc, we need to connect with the Buruj VDI and then we'll be able to open the SAP screen from Buruj.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so anyone, so Rocio or anyone from GoSM, if there is any which is impacting, we can use Kunal's access system so that if we are able to proceed, let's proceed till the rest of the team member gets this

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
media access. Okay, that's a good point. Okay, so let's, we need the data stored first to do whatever, but yes, definitely, if tomorrow we don't, yeah. Sorry, go ahead. No, no, no problem.

Patel, Rahul:
I'm OK. Go ahead. So I think for Buruj, we've not implemented the S4 component on Buruj systems, right? So we'll have to do that activity and replicate everything on Buruj side what we did for one ERP.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
OK, I will chat Reinaldo and Sagar. So they are aware that they can use that. OK.

Sheth, Kunal:
And you need to perform this activity so we can set up a call and we can do in a screen sharing mode. Till the time you get an access.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Fantastic, yeah, let's let's proceed guys.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'm back so MRO change management. I think this is pending discussion with asthma as we had said. So let's leave it for now just because this is an ongoing discussion. Data store we just discussed it. Will raise it tomorrow again. Who's going to be chasing on this Kunal?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, I'll align with Khalid tomorrow morning because last update that still he was awaiting feedback from risk and compliance team but did not get any endorsement yet.

Patel, Rahul:
Tomorrow morning I think we should like ask Khalid to immediately take Firas's help and not wait for this because considering it's critical so probably either I or Hadi if we can like, We will talk to Khalid about this and ask him to directly take Firasad because we cannot wait for the team to reply. Like if we wait probably it will take weeks to reply.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Khaled, let's make a note. Tomorrow we address this with Khaled in the morning. The only issue I have is the the session that he plugged for you with Asma with the morning huddle, so we'll have to grab him separately.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so anyway, he'll be there physically for the session with me. I'll try to grab him and ask.

Roumanos, Hadi:
He told me to meet him in AdNoc HQ, so I don't know when that's going to happen. My understanding was that he's coming to HQ, so if he's going there, great. He'll be in HQ in the second half. OK, fine. Quickly on the highs. Demand process changes MRO. We've discussed this. I think that's a duplicate, but that's okay. Plan for AdMob user involvement in- Can we be in the second half, Khaled? Yeah, I understood from him that he's coming straight to HQ.



Naamani, Mohamad:
I wouldn't trust this, Hadi, since we're running out of time. Go to SKC and chase him. Because he might delay and attend the second session and go home.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Khaled, that's fine. That's fine, that's fine. I'll go to SKC. But we will still need to have that discussion with Firas on the LMS, which can wait a bit, but not too long, is all I'm saying.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We can raise it at 9am tomorrow, or actually no.

Patel, Rahul:
Tomorrow we have a meeting with Asma, 9 to 10.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's OK, but we need to eventually, when we speak to Firas, with him. The main process changes. You might not want to mention it first.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I mean, he would like to discuss it separately with Firas and talk to Asma separately, not in our presence, I think. It's a bit of a...

Roumanos, Hadi:
So maybe we can ask him if there's any update on the LNS discussion, if you want to have it with Firas on your own, etc, etc. Plan for key users' involvement in Build-SIT-UAT. This is the training strategy. So this needs to be merged. So let me close this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
Hadi, one point on the LNS discussion. What Khalid mentioned was while LNS will be in scope, they are only trying to figure out the chargeback mechanism between headquarters and LNS. That's the point which is stuck at.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yes, but the idea is whether or not it's in scope is the bigger question comes above this right so and that's why we need it's in scope and the we need to push for this confirmation the only point with

Patel, Rahul:
Khalid is waiting for closure to confirm us is this chargeback mechanism of LNS between at the quarter and LNS that's the point they are they are not able to close and that's delaying the overall that's fine that's fine but

Roumanos, Hadi:
then we will need an alignment with asthma because everybody is on a different page with regards to LNS right so once we get that confirmation. We sit everyone together, we tell them that's the scope for LNS. Correct.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Kyle?

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, I just wanted to add to that because Asma and Awadullah and team, they're adamant that LNS is not included in scope. So even for these awareness sessions and the like, they're not inviting people from LNS.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's a concern. Mohamed, where are you tomorrow? I'm sorry to go with you, but why? The reason I'm asking is because the sooner we have that clarity with Firas on LNS, the sooner we can align with Asma on her understanding, right? And if the idea is she's not inviting people from LNS to our sessions, including awareness, that's a problem.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Let's haunt Khaled from the beginning of the day at SK EC2 on this. You need to figure this out, guys, internally, because now we're getting later on, we're not going to repeat any workshop, because you said it's in scope, she said it's out of scope.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Agreed.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Then he would go there directly to see Firas, he would call him on his phone, he would whatever That's that's his issue because again, we cannot do everything on let's agree.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I agree with you Let's want him in the morning and we need an email that sent gets sent out tomorrow that says it's cool Separately and have a chat with her for five minutes to say this is the case

Naamani, Mohamad:
and then we'll tell us look guys We're back on track. Let them worry about this, but let's not be over accommodated.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's Fine fine fine. I'm with you. Okay type lots of items that are closed, FSD, TSD we covered, calendar for UT, SIT. This is you and me, Taro, so we'll review it separately. I'm going to tag it as delayed because that's something that we needed to do earlier. Then comes... Sorry, Bishur, can you just speak? Yeah, yeah, sorry, I missed it.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I missed it. I can't see.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Sure, sure, go ahead, Bishur. Yeah, no worries.

1Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
I just want to add to that because it also affects the end-user identification. So as of now, we haven't included LNS in the template or in the matrix we're working on. So that also has a significant effect because if they're not going to send them, we can't identify end users from LNS.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Agreed. And understood and expected. Yeah, the sooner we get an answer, the better. Configuration sprint status updates. That's to be shared by Rocio. Is this sorted, Rocio?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What do you mean?

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's an item that we had, configuration sprint status updates. I didn't share with you.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
I mean, that's what you were asking at the beginning, no? It's a bit different.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So this is the status under each of the activities. You can combine it with the previous ask that we had, right, which is the detailed plan and the of each one yes yes I mean I was thinking about okay okay I'll close this I mean I'm giving data some percentages but the detail the detail is effectively effectively what we need what we need is is a breakdown of one line item into multiple line items that explain what you're doing because right now it's a bit of a black box of go SCM is doing something so as long as I can figure out what Go SEM is doing and by when and who's doing it.

 The idea is for Raul to be able to know who on your team is working on what so that he can follow up as needed with each individual person, not always go through you or Bastian. OK, yes, but where is that other point here in this list? Because I thought. I don't know.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
I think that that we can maintain that one because fine, fine, fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, as long as you're aware of it. Technical open points for demand inventory and supply all of those are with kushba and hector um is kushba on the call so on on technical yeah I think so on technical points so raoul this uh thing that we had

Naamani, Mohamad:
a session on today and tomorrow this is let's say could fall under open I open design items whatever it is do we have one big ticket for them one big risk that you have or individual. So let's say one for corrective, one for preventive, one for drilling or it's under one item.

Patel, Rahul:
It's under one item right now.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Process change.

Patel, Rahul:
That's what we have. It's high. Yeah, it's it's. Yeah, it's right now it's high.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, I think let's assess it at this point. It can be under control we're having those meetings, unless the team think if we do not decide ASAP, then it will have a dominant effect, which means we move it to critical. The reason I'm also asking today, for example, Awadullah said, can you help us please with a couple of slides to summarize this if we're taking it to management? So under that item, now, whether it's high or critical, add this action so we can help each other create the summary, whatever you drew on the board and based on tomorrow's discussion and we'll check with the team, we'll keep it high or move it critical given how much buffer we have.

 So if they take, ah, yes, this is valid point, give us three weeks, we'll get back to you. It becomes immediately critical because they'll just derail us. So other than entertaining the discussion, we need to make sure also we have visibility on it or from our side, maybe the technical team can answer now. How much time do we have before we go in each direction, A or direction B? For example, this point about using forecasts or just using RPO as an example, not specifically the right one.

 We can say max by end of, not next week, the one after, we should have an answer, for example. If you have this visibility, great. If not, let's have it so that we update Tara and Hadi saying, actually, no, this one is not high anymore. It's already burning.

Patel, Rahul:
Mo, I would like to align this as one of the last item we have open, right? So Hadi, if you can go to the last three items which are open on high. So we need to put this date on our project plan saying what is the endpoint for closing all the open points, including the ones we're talking about MRO, right? Because we have list of open point. So GoSIEM team, Roshu, you need to give us a date here that if we don't receive input on all the open points for such demand planning or inventory planning from wave one, it will start eating our next milestone activities like we will not be able to recover.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Yes, one is the cut off, yeah, one is the date after which it becomes on the critical path.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And that's the idea of promoting things from high to critical or demoting them if they are under control.

Patel, Rahul:
And we need this for both demand, inventory, supply line, all three so that we have open item list, we have tagged them to demand inventory and supply planning, and we want to make sure that sufficient prioritization given by everyone to make sure we close everything by this date. Okay, sure, Rahul.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Let me discuss it with Hector and Bastian, because probably in those open points, there are some of them that are critical definitions, but probably there are some others that will not affect the whole solution. But they will affect the solution that was committed on the BPD. So let me align with them so we can say, okay, these ones are critical to be defined one week before the end of the configuration, Spring 3.

 So let me align with them on each of the points. Agreed.

Patel, Rahul:
The idea here, Rocio, is that all the points that we agree upon BRD, BPD, or even the open points from the discussion. We need to be very clear on what will become part of SIT and UAT. And if anything is not becoming part of SIT, UAT, and it's going to the backlog item, we have this aligned with that now so that the right expectations are set up for SIT, UAT in terms of scope we are

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
agreeing to. Exactly. OK.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, Alain.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Guys, I need to drop soon. Let's not cover the mediums. I'll share an email with each relevant person tagged across each of the medium items that are still open in case we have updates that we need to discuss. So for me, there's not many of them. Most of them are administrative in nature, but there are a few that are important to me, right? So insights and recommendations, business benefits, but anyway, let me share comms with each of you as necessary for the ones that are not on the governance team's lap, so that we can cover this separately.

 Briefly, when you look at this, I'm going to ask one question, which is, is there any of those that needs to get bumped up in priority based on how delayed we are or how critical it is on the timeline?

Patel, Rahul:
Reference material, we can bump it to priority to high, row number 33, Okay, hang on. Because this is part of the build, the definition is very important for us to proceed with the next milestone, so we have to make sure that this reference model design validation happens in time and we don't have it open. Okay, fair enough.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Okay, today I asked Tara to add the enable now, but I don't see it here. So enable now activation for training. I have not added it yet. But it's medium or high because it will impact the training. Okay, that's an action on Tara to add that line item. Then let's keep it as high.

Roumanos, Hadi:
If you want to stay safe, yeah, add it on high so it remains visible to us. Placeholder invites. OK, preparation leadership demo. Yeah, there's a few of those that need attention so that we don't keep pushing them. EOQ analytics preparation for leadership demo. This leadership demo is going to come out again soon. The rule is, as you said, we have the due date.

Naamani, Mohamad:
due date means date when this becomes instead of green it becomes orange or red so if we pass the due dates it means now it's in red automatically this moves it up in the priority rank because it means we're not addressing it medium becomes high high is critical because it will go crazy but if that's the that's the rule then none of our mediums are still medium so we need to bump everything else The idea is not so We need to pick our battles and would be whichever is closest to the point where it would delay our Activities it will have an impact on for me.

 It's not go live versus the critical path So any item that is close one day two days three days close to impacting critical path is already in critical Let's had a month but we didn't act on it then we

Roumanos, Hadi:
lost the month it becomes automatically critical same for medium to high etc for for me uh let's bump cr and financials to high just because I want visibility on this and we need to close it you and I come out baseline project This is closed. This is closed. Training approach. This is getting higher and higher in terms of priority, but it's not impacting us right now. Close the baseline.

Madhavan, Tara:
I kept it open because it is not yet approved. Fine, valid.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Training approach, let's keep it as medium just because it's not impacting us today and we're still on top of it, so I'm not too concerned. Approval matrix, it's not impacting us, but we still need to sit down with Khaled, you and I, to identify those groups of stakeholders basically.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Exclusion confirmation.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Is this something that you're? Concerned with Raul, that's a discussion that you needed to have with Mohammed.

Patel, Rahul:
Did discuss with my mother. I also had discussion with Khalid at this point of time. I don't want to bring this topic up to stir up the things around it while we need to have this confirmation so. I just need to put a thought around how we strategically Fine, fine, fine, let's not spend too much time.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, EOQ, Kushboo, I don't know if you're on the call.

Patel, Rahul:
We had, we have some progress here. You want to update? OK, go ahead Kushboo.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Brief update, is it still here or should we bump it up in terms of priority?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
That's my question. So EOQ, we have had a discussion with and internally we have finalized the template. We just need to take a last look and hopefully send it out tomorrow.

Roumanos, Hadi:
How critical is it?

Patel, Rahul:
It's important definition, but it does not stop. Does it delay us in any way in what we're doing today? Bastian and Hector, you can correct me if I'm wrong. If we are able to define finalized the EOQ calculation by this week will be good, correct? It's not a big deal in terms of how we calculate this in IBP.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, OK.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
E-market list.

rocio.minguillon@go-scm.com:
Sorry, but the rest of the technical open points are not in this list, because they are maintaining in another list and in the emails. So maybe if it's not something that blocking the activities, then we shouldn't be updating that here, no? I think so. Generally, yes. This is purely for risks and issues.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Generally, yes. I agree with you. Okay.

Patel, Rahul:
That's why, Rocio, we have added those three line items on when we want to close open points because those are tracked as technical open points and we are working in parallel and it's an elaborate list. Now, depending upon the date you put, many of those may come here as a delayed item because it impacts the timeline.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And because we need to give it attention, basically.

Patel, Rahul:
I'll need this input from you before we put any of those points in this list.

Roumanos, Hadi:
In the interest of time, if you need to take this offline. Analytics story, it's not something that is critical. So let's keep it at medium.

Patel, Rahul:
Preparation for the leadership list is closed. I think that's not no more point now. We've understood what it is and it's not something so we can close the e-market.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Fine, e-market is closed. Okay. Analytics story, let's keep it open. It's not something that is impacting our timeline. Preparation for leadership demo, it doesn't impact our timeline, but let's keep it in mind just because we need to eventually sit down with their leadership and show that demo. We had discussed February, but anyway it's still on Medium. Usage, Koshbu, this is going to be important probably in our next tier co-op, so I suggest you speak with Hamad as he puts together the value realization slide, because ideally we would have those two as part of the next but I'll park it.

 It's not important to our timeline. Integration point closed. Internal data dashboard for progress tracking. Fine. Stable options to be added in master data. Is this something? No, that's actually no. Baseholder invites for the next six weeks. That's on Tara and Rocio. That's on track. I would argue that this is high just because I don't want people missing out on sessions just because they weren't invited early on in the process.

 So let me just bump this up.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, and this is something Khalid also mentioned today that he wants this visibility because there are some other sessions which are to be planned where he needs visibility on how we need people in our discussions.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, let me just add for now placeholder invites. Let's give it until next week. That's 7th of February. I don't want us to lose track of of it as an actual item and I don't expect invites to be sent tomorrow.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, have we missed anything?

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, how about anything from your side?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, I think let's review those due dates.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So this is not a project plan. This is a risk log. Which means the due date let's make sure it's a date that will give us an indicator that after which That thing is not green anymore. It's not under control, which means we need to take action and move it up What's what's being escalated logically some of the critical should be closed So it's not going to become to any critical Some will be closed other highs will be hopefully closed or will move to critical and medium move to high.



Roumanos, Hadi:
That's the evolution It's an exercise that Rahul and myself thought I would have to do and will update you once that's done. But yes, I agree. Anything else, guys?

Sheth, Kunal:
Hadi, related to the workflow approval, I'm not sure. Rahul, is it covering this list or it's a part of technical, which you mentioned for the demands inventory and supply?

Patel, Rahul:
I think it is part of the end user and the hierarchy of end users. So once we know end user and their hierarchy, So we can mention a separate point here to track it so that we don't lose it. So you can send a note for Tara to add this as a list risk, but then it has to be associated with the MRO process change discussion.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Right, right, so I'll separately align with Tara on this to add this point here.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, perfect. Yeah, I need to drop unless there's something else I need to add.

Patel, Rahul:
We need to add one risk in respect to to the data like one of the point being requested repeatedly. Is that based upon the data which is getting imported into IVP, they would like to understand the statistics of some of the things and how data splits between different. So essentially, transactional data analysis from S4 HANA to IVP. That's the whole idea.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We need either to discuss it offline, if we don't have time until the other, we'll mention it, but it needs a separate please. We need to be here. You need, whomever is in touch with the client would need to help Hadi, Tara and myself to log them and prioritize them.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Guys, I have to, I have a hard stop, so I'll have to drop.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Raoul, let's make sure that we add that item tomorrow. Thank you, thank you everyone.

Patel, Rahul:
Bastian, can you stay back on the call?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, sure.

Bastian Osorio:
Peter, can you stay as well, please? Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I will stay too.

Patel, Rahul:
All right, so we can talk about the supply network planning, but before that, the point I would like to highlight is that, so regarding the MRO process and end user identification, right, whether we go at which level, who approves where, right, in one of the, in the discussion one point came up where AdNoc is requesting that let's take a reorder point scenario. So if you have a reorder point set up by IBP based on historical consumption which is say 20.

 Now what AdNoc is saying is they come up with a scenario where reorder point is 20 but reservation is raised for 100 quantity. Now this is an exception to the entire process where historically they have never consumed this much quantity. So based upon historical consumption, IBP will never set up a reorder point so high. But then there is this one-off demand which is raised, like the required reservation which is raised by a user, and that reservation quantity is way beyond the ROP.



Bastian Osorio:
There are two options here. Is this reservation outside of the lead time? Let's say it's two months and the lead time is six months?

Patel, Rahul:
Beyond the lead time, because we keep inventory assuming that there is certain consumption pattern, right? But for sure, after the reservation, they will have to trigger the procurement of such material.

Bastian Osorio:
Let's put an example. The lead time is three months.

Patel, Rahul:
This consumption is for what? Let me put up a quick Excel so that we are all aligned. Let's take a material, ABC. You have lead time. Let's say we are in Jan, Feb, March, April, June all right now the material has ROP of say 30 right so let's keep I'll keep this reorder point 30 across now we have reservations which trigger consumption all right so suppose deletion how long it is Let me add lead time as well.

 I'll add lead time as well. So let's say the reservation raises for 200 quantity. So ROP is 30, then the stock is also 30, right? Because stock cannot be more than that. Let's say stock is 30 across. Now the reservation is raised for 200 quantity. There is a problem.

Bastian Osorio:
The stock is only in your current you don't know how much your stock for the future.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's, let's, okay, all right. So now if the reservation is raised for 200 quantity, they will have to, they don't have stock right now, irrespective of lead time. If the reservation is raised in Jan for Jan.

Bastian Osorio:
It depends on the lead time, because if the lead time is, let's say, one week, you can buy 200.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, let's take the lead time is three months, right? Which means even if I read the reservation, the material would be available in March only.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, so there's nothing you can do. Yeah, you won't buy it because there's no need to buy it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You will.

Patel, Rahul:
Why I don't buy it?

Bastian Osorio:
Because if you're The reservation means that you need to consume it in January.

Patel, Rahul:
Yes, but then I'm end user and I'll say that I need it. I need it now, but if you're going to give me an April, I'm fine with it, but I need this to 200 material.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, he wants me to buy this. No, but there's a distinction here, so reservation is like a demand of is like a demand is a demand signal so you need put it when you need it?

Patel, Rahul:
When do you need that stock? I need it here and I raise it now. Okay then it's fine you can buy it.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah but then I have it's beyond my ROP parameters right? Reorder point is when the amount and please Vivek it's just to deal with the uncertainty.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah so if your reservation is at demand that is for sure so you know for sure that you will consume this 200 then you need to just need to buy it yeah so so in case of you know ROP based planning whenever you're going below ROP then only you know it triggers replenishment okay so so as we have a reservation of 200 right so that is going to be treated you know as a as a demand you know signal and system would you you know generator PR you know of 200.



Patel, Rahul:
Correct, so I'm fine with this. So PR has to be generated now so that we get material now. The request from Adnob is. This is an exception to the process and they want approval for this exception. So the question is, can this exception trigger approval? Because this is not a normal The user might have created a reservation by mistake. There might be a typo. And if I wait on the reservation, if I agree on the reservation, then I'll end up buying more.

 Now, the point AdNoc raised is that they regularly get such scenario where the material, the reorder point or the max quantity is much less, but the reservation raised is like enormous quantity. And if it is not approved by end user community then they'll end up buying material without approval and the ownership will be questioned. So the request they have raised is whether such exception exceptional change in demand can be specifically triggered can specifically trigger approval.



Vivekanand Gajula:
Rahul this material reservation approval that you are talking about it is going to happen on the S4 side like are they going to flag anything saying that okay.

Patel, Rahul:
So the point is we are asking them to approve demand right and we are asking them not to approve anything in S4 HANA. So if they have to not approve anything in S4 HANA approval will come in IBP only and they want to have approval only in IBP they don't want to they want to take out the approval in S4 HANA for reservations.

Patel, Rahul:
So this exceptional change in demand, whether it can be supported in IBP. And this is an important factor for them to decide whether the demand would get approved in IBP or not.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I think, Bastian, you can correct me. I think what we can do in IBP is whatever reservations we integrate to IBP, we can add one more layer to it, saying that, OK, I mean, we can create one more key figure where they can go and put 0, 0 as in, for example, if they put 0, then that period's material reservation, we don't consider it during bulk planning. Something like that.

Patel, Rahul:
But the point is, this reservation should be considered as demand. And that demand should get approved in IBP is what they are requesting. Because this is an exceptional, even if it is ROP-based, which generally should not create any demand. So you are saying that historical consumption will set up the reorder point parameters, and no one should be looking at that demand because it's an historical, which they agree to.

 But if such input comes, such a demand comes in IBP, which is way beyond the normal inventory parameters, and we cannot expect to have stock of such high quantity, That has to be exceptionally accrued and then only procurement should

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
be triggered.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, that's right.

Bastian Osorio:
It's exceptional because of the amount because you they still can place can create reservations for let's say I don't know 50.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, it's it's amount. If the reservation is below the current parameters, no one cares.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah. Yeah, it is. It's basically a rule here. If the reservation is above the maximum stock, then an approve is required.

Patel, Rahul:
Can I confirm that this is possible in IBP from a demand perspective?

Bastian Osorio:
Can you put another key figure there below the lead time? So let's say reservation. Reservation is already a key figure, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Reservation approved or reservation approval.

Patel, Rahul:
Reservation reviewed and approved. Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Approval.

Bastian Osorio:
In reservation, let's call it final. Another one.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Final demand. Yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
So let's say in February, you have a demand for 40. Yeah. Sorry, a reservation for 40. Yeah. Yeah. So there is no need here to put any reservation. The final demand will be 40.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Bastian Osorio:
Because this is below your maximum. It's 40. Yeah. So approval in this case is For now, there's a null.

Patel, Rahul:
OK?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Not required.

Bastian Osorio:
Whereas for April, if let's put it by default, this will be null, meaning that the final demand will be zero.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Bastian Osorio:
And we're talking about additional demand, which is beyond forecast consumption. Yeah. Correct? Would be triggered that will create, it will call, it will highlight the reservation approval and you need to put like a ticket there, a one, a value of one. If you put one in the reservation approval that it will look like a ticket, that the final demand will be 200 and then it will trigger a PR or STO if there's a stock in somewhere.



Patel, Rahul:
So basically the workflow will be triggered automatically and a final approval one has someone has to put one year to agree yeah if there's one there then the final demand is 200 and then this key figure would be so the manager who's approving the demand he will update his approval as key uh one year in the key figure yeah and yeah if if that is one then the final demand is 200 yeah all right then I think this

Bastian Osorio:
is what I Yeah, so this is another use case which I kindly ask Vivek you can include, but one thing here, at which level I was speaking here, because unfortunately in AEP we cannot work at order level, so the lowest level we can work here is weekly, material, location, whether that is planned or stores location and equipment all right got it so we are not saying this is a document this is we are not approving single document there

Patel, Rahul:
can be one reservation document or there can be 10 reservation document we'll show quantity and the quantity is approved we are not occurring a specific document or approving the specific document we are approving the quantity yeah all right uh

Vivekanand Gajula:
one quick questions you know uh so what we are saying is wherever the reservation you know is greater than max stock by default you know that specific you know reservation quantity won't be you know considered you know during planning okay it will only be yeah unless it is approved you know but what about those cases you know where the max stock level itself is zero.

Patel, Rahul:
So let me I just wanted to understand from functionality perspective so give me maybe tomorrow to align exactly on what is required. So let's let's take this use case, but will not show this use case unless we have a clear idea of how we want to like agree on this. OK, because we this came today and we just want. I just wanted to align that from a technical solution perspective. Whether we can agree on this solution.

 If now we are agreeing that it is possible, on the details of how we want to agree on this, like what's the conditions for triggering the workflow or what's the condition for if it is zero, which means every time

Vivekanand Gajula:
it will trigger an approval for every material. Yeah, because under ROP, they mainly have, you know, two scenarios, you know, one is where they don't have any you know as such and in and other cases such that you know where they have max talk. So so I think this scenario that we are discussing now. I think we need to confirm you know with them like what is going to happen. You know when there is no max talk.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Read so.

Patel, Rahul:
All I wanted to understand right now is whether it is possible and you guys are confirming it's possible. Now we need to detail out how to execute it. This is how we want to agree upon, correct?

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, and and Bastian, you know one more thing you were saying that you know if the material reservation you know is within the lead time, then IBP should not generate any proposal outside the lead time. The thing is, yeah, is is a good. Agreed upon like I mean, This is what AdNoc needs.

Bastian Osorio:
Rahul, let's change the scenario. Let's instead of put 40, put 200.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Alright. There's nothing we can do there.

Bastian Osorio:
The lead time is three months.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, that's correct. Three months but what if they say that okay even if this reservation you know is within the lead time we are still okay you know if IBP proposes a plan you know outside the lead time.

Patel, Rahul:
Here what should happen is if we know already the lead time is can we raise this alert on demand side only so that whoever is adding this demand he knows that the demand will not be fulfilled. So if I'm a demand planner and reservation is created for 200, which is beyond the quantity is more than what we can plan, but also within it's within the lead time, which means I cannot fulfill anyhow. I cannot fulfill the quantity, which means at this point of demand only I should raise this alert to the person who is who is approving it because it will trigger a workflow approval and approval should clearly say that we cannot maintain it, which means even if you're approving, you have to move it to April only requirement.



Vivekanand Gajula:
We cannot fulfill it because it is within the lead time. But for that, I think we'll also have to check the situation on the supply side, no?

Patel, Rahul:
Correct. So standard lead time trigger can be triggered. For sure, at many times what happens, the planners, the supply planners may talk to vendor Highlight this as urgency and ask them to have a like reduce lead time with just one time. Probably paying some extra margin, paying some extra premium, but still get the model if the model is really that urgent, right?

Sheth, Kunal:
Rahul, but same problem they are also facing in the S4 HANA, right? See, whenever maintenance planner is putting up the demand, they don't know the lead time because it is up to the purchasing manager. To procure whether before time or on time. So demand planner is entering the demand without knowing the lead time. They said, I need this material on this date so that I can perform my equipment activity.



Patel, Rahul:
So that's the reason why we should have some notification, some alert at a demand point in time so that they're aware that this is within lead time and may not be received. No, but the supply planner.

Sheth, Kunal:
No, no, what I'm saying is Vivek's point is also valid. Cannot merge the logic of demand with the supply because demand module is totally different it is just talking about the demand part when I need this material now by when I will be able to replenish that is a part

Patel, Rahul:
of supply maybe there is a delay of procurement agreed so how do we how do we give this feedback from supply to demand saying that this is getting delayed I feel that you know.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I think best in, you know, I feel that we should confirm with them like in such scenarios what they do today. You know, I mean, did they want to drop this or they want to fulfill this?

Patel, Rahul:
You know, on a later, you know date. Partial fulfillment. There are only two options, right? Either either you. Fulfill it, which means you expedite your supply plan, and fulfill it on the required date by expedition method. Or you say that the delivery is delayed, which means you have a demand on Feb, but you'll be able to deliver only in March. Now, this action comes from supply planning. So this is a pretty normal scenario everywhere.

 So theoretically what happens, or practically what happens, you go back to the buyer and say that, You requested a date of February 31 or 28, but I can only give a 31st March. There is no other thing. The only thing which may happen is the person will either agree to this delayed delivery or will cancel the demand. There can only be two things, right? But this happens only when the supply planner talks to the demand planner saying that, OK, you had requested something.

 I'm not able to fulfill it. And it's within my lead time. Sorry, I cannot comment it.

Sheth, Kunal:
And Bashian, I remember in one of my earlier project, we implemented this concept called supply feedback. So based on the manufacturing facility, whatever planned order and production order, not within the near future, but let's say six months down the line. So based on that, we'll be able to perform the supply feedback and that actual orders will going to confirm that out of this forecast, only I'll be able to deliver with the help of deployment concept.



Patel, Rahul:
Also, this is a pretty standard feature of MRP where you have a free spirit. Now, the lead time, the three months is a free spirit for planning, which means you cannot plan anything within. So whoever is requesting, demanding, if he's asking anything, the free spirit, by default, the commitment cannot come within free spirit, but this information is available that I am planning something within free spirit.

 So I'm sure IBP would have something which gives this information back to the demand request saying that you're trying to plan something which is within free spirit, which means there is very high probability demand may not beat, but then

Vivekanand Gajula:
the feedback can come only after supply planning. See. One thing that we have in IVP is demand fulfillment. OK, so so whenever you whenever you fulfill a demand you know lately right then system tells you okay this demand you know was fulfilled late you know okay so for example this 200 you have put in February right so so the demand fulfillment will be zero you know in that case but but same is not the case you know with the demand you know that you have in April because in April the demand was fulfilled on time so that is something which is out of the, you know, box.

 But again, you know, I'm emphasizing, you know, more on, more on the, you know, business rule, you know, that AdNoc follows, you know, today. Are they okay? Are they okay, you know, to drop this demand? Or are they okay to fulfill it on a later stage? So that is something we can double check with them. But yeah, from from an IBP standpoint, yes, we have that demand for you know, key figure as an option.



Patel, Rahul:
Demand fulfillment is after you fulfill a demand. The point we are trying to question here is at the point when I received demand. Then only can we raise this alert saying that you are planning something which is within the freeze period or within the lead time period and and it may not get fulfilled.

Vivekanand Gajula:
There we can see there we can only say that OK, this demand is within the lead time. It may or may not get fulfilled.

Patel, Rahul:
be fulfilled yeah so we are not checking you know we are not checking the supply situation at that point in time yeah yeah for sure so at the point of so when we are doing demand it's just an information the confirmation happens after supply planning that what is the committed then are we going to fulfill not or not right and if you if you see a supply proposal meeting the demand then the alert goes away in a way because What will happen is.

 After supply planning, we have a projected inventory, right? Depending upon the supply proposal. So if. The projected inventory, if it is 200, which means that I'm going to buy it or the projected inventory can be here 200 that theoretically I should be able to receive here. The best I could do that I can receive here, right? Now. The demand is in Feb, the best I can do is deliver in March. This is the best case scenario which can happen.

 Now, the decision still lies by as part of supply planning to talk to the respective person and confirm. And the confirmed person says that no, I cannot accept 200 in March, I need in February only. Then that case, the supply planning will not consider this and the demand should be delivered. Or the reservation should be deleted by the end user. So this conversation can only happen if one, when the reservation is identified, the alert is created.

 In the supply planning, the planner looks at this additional change and tries to confirm whether it can be met in the time. If not, then the feedback goes to the planner saying this cannot be met on time. Sorry, you're requesting something which is way close to the lead time, like way beyond our capability to expedite in the lead time and we cannot fulfill it.

Sheth, Kunal:
Rahul, your point is absolutely valid because that is the beauty of MNOP process, maintenance and operation planning. Because after getting the demand, then it is up to the operation to decide how much based on that demand we will be able to fulfill. So then it will again confirm the supply feedback to the demand that out of your overall demand, this is the only committed demand which you will be able to fulfill.

 If you are not, let's say in Feb and March, if you don't want, then we can absolutely delete those demand in collaboration with the multiple teams. But definitely, the supply feedback would be required based on the MNOP process, which we had defined even in the BPD as well.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, but this is more of an exception-based. So probably we may not need this for everything but for this exceptional demand request which are which are either within freeze time or beyond freeze time.

Sheth, Kunal:
Even though it is an exception but it will be covered as a part of that process only. Every month or based on the planning period which we are planning calendar we are defining get together and they will decide that this is the plan and they will also discuss the exception cases like which we discussed 200 pieces we need in February and March and if we are getting beyond that then we need to follow the April delivery then.



Patel, Rahul:
Yeah so this is what I want so I would like to conclude this conversation you guys can confirm this Bastian and Vivek that how this supply feedback can come during demand planning. I'll keep this open. I'm closing the point where we'll be able to trigger approval if the quantity is beyond, say, max quantity. The logic is to be determined. But from a solution perspective, we can support this AdMob's requirement so that the approval lies in only one system from a demand perspective, which is IBP.

 And AdMob can then take decisions to take out the approval from S4 HANA completely so that it is in line with their requirement. That's one thing.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah. The point is taken regarding this approval above the maximum stock is taken. The one like the warning or something like that within the lead time, I think is something we need to find a workaround to address it, but taken as well. The first one, the first requirement, Vivek, can you put it please as user case in the script? Yeah, yeah, sure. Thank you.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, this would be an important use case in the script because they would expect this as, because this has directly come from AdNoc as one of the pinpoints they have, which means if we are saying And if ITOC agrees that approval has to be only in IBP, then this becomes a very good use case for us to demonstrate.

Sheth, Kunal:
And this is a very big change for them because they are creating a reservation, goes into pending, then either approving or rejecting, and those quantities only visible as a requirement in MD04 in S4 HANA. So if we are able to achieve this, I think this is a big use case for them and it will be useful for them also to completely rely on IBP instead of working on S4 HANA reservation.

Patel, Rahul:
Correct.

Vivekanand Gajula:
We secretly request from them.

Patel, Rahul:
Yes. Yes, Vivek. Rahul, one more question.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Let's say there is no reservation at all, OK? And instead of stock being 30, let's say the stock is 20. So you are below your ROP. And as you have a lead time of three months, is it OK if we generate a proposal outside the lead time?

Patel, Rahul:
It's OK. That's a normal ROP scenario. So if you're agreeing to ROP 30 and the stock is less than 30, then yes, we should generate the supply proposal in the multiples of the what we call MOQ or EOQ.

Sheth, Kunal:
And Rahul, this supply feedback point we need to keep open till we are completing with our validation workshop for the supply planning. Because next week we are only planning for inventory demand.

Patel, Rahul:
So this point will may come so I'm just let's park the supply feedback point and probably you guys can technically have a look at what is the possible option if this point comes. Because I'm pretty sure the moment I'm going to talk about this they will ask this point in the because accountability of demand is one of the biggest deliverable they are looking for this project and through this they would like to this through approval and this confirmation they would like to drive this accountability with the end user so if we have to push this solution they would look forward for this requirement from us a solution for this requirement from us all right uh anything else we will talk to or bastion you want to talk about the supply net Yeah, yeah.



Bastian Osorio:
I mean, I need to jump a bit. Maybe you can stay with Vivek in this class because he has the full picture of what is required to build these scenarios.

Patel, Rahul:
Vivek, do you have access to the supply network file you want to share and you want to help us identify?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah, one second.

Bastian Osorio:
See you guys later.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, sharing my screen.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Let me know once you save your screen.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Or can you see my screen?

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yes, I can see your screen. OK, so this is the file that you have shared with us, right? So so from a GC standpoint, it is clear that you know which agencies you know are going to be planned at the plant level and for which HECs, we need to do the supply planning at the SLOG level. So there are some open questions that we are having. Now, for example, to build the supply chain network on the IVP side, we need to know how do we create the transportation lanes between the plants or between the SLOGs or even between the vendor you know and the plants because there are multiple you know scenarios so how do we you know take care of each one of them and make sure that you know we don't miss out you know on anything now for example you know let's talk about the lanes you know that are between vendor you know and plan let's say okay so so now for external procurement right they they have couple of scenarios right so the first you know rule that I remember is ltp right if they have a ltpa vendor then we need to take the ltpa you know vendor so now how do we get that ltpa information you know that is one question and if there are multiple multiple LTP vendors pointing to the same location.

 Vivek, I think it's an important conversation.

Patel, Rahul:
I would also need someone like Khushboo in this call. So is it possible for us to have this conversation, a separate call setup, maybe for an hour? Because there are a lot of points to be discussed here in terms of what are the rules, what are the inputs, how can be accessed from S4 HANA because Khushboo is the X4 HANA MM expert, which means she'll be able to exactly guide us from S4 side how we can extract that information directly from SAP.

 And then put up rules around it. That's one point of conversation. So if it is something quickly we can discuss, I think we can discuss now. If you think we need to have detailed conversation, then let's have this session plan tomorrow.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I think that will be better because as you are saying, Kushboo has more idea about the MM side, so it's better to involve her so that we cover all the points.

Patel, Rahul:
This can become an action for a working session later to input to the interface team as well so that they can add those parameters as part of the interface.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, because right now, you know, from a supply planning standpoint, this is a very critical, you know, action item and without this, you know. Supply planning is totally handicapped.

Patel, Rahul:
Can you set up an invite tomorrow with all the people you have on the call right now, including more factory and add two more people? One is Yamini. Our team and push move from our team and plan the session for an hour at 3. I think 3.30 PM UAE time, which is around 5 PM India time. OK, fine, fine.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I will set up a call.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, and then invite a back because anyway, passion is also not there on the call today. So let's have a session to talk about this in detail and then let's highlight all points we will need and what we can get what we cannot get.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I would like to have a detailed conversation around it with everyone together. Yeah sure I think makes sense. One quick question probably you know this one you can address it quickly. So we have two scenarios right inter-company as well as intra-company. So now coming to intra-company right where the movement is happening within the AGC itself right. So in case SPR proposal doesn't need any approval right yeah yeah basically we'll directly go ahead and create a STR through IVP yeah and when it is intercompany then in that case you know they need some sort of approval

Patel, Rahul:
process right so the planner should confirm so it's a proposal the proposal gets confirmed that do we want to execute so that system triggers the STR or SDR creation in S4 HANA.

Vivekanand Gajula:
By default see by default IBP will create SDR. Now it's up to planner you know whether they want to overrule it.

Patel, Rahul:
Good point. So during in supply planning the supply planning if you run the supply planning algorithm, the proposal will be created. Now the proposal if agreed would convert that into an SDR. If not agreed, If there is no feedback, we don't want to create SDR by default, whereas when it is inter-company, irrespective of planner provides feedback or not, it will get converted into SDR. Yeah, yeah.

Vivekanand Gajula:
So SDR creation, you know, is the next step, right? When we publish the plan to S4, then only the SDR would be created. But on the IBP side, from a planning standpoint, it will always propose SDR. They just have to go and edit it I mean approve it and then only we publish that you know to S4.

Patel, Rahul:
Correct, so in this case if the STR is not like so if the STO is not confirmed probably the next action is to raise a PR right to external vendor if there is.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah yeah correct so if intercompany in case of intercompany if the STR is 50 and if they adjust it to zero then it will uh there is a pr of you know uh 50 correct but then this positive confirmation

Patel, Rahul:
whether to so here uh when it is intra company we should not go to vendor and we should by default register that's the point so we should not allow in change in case of intra company there is no external

Vivekanand Gajula:
procurement there is right there is external procurement only if the stock is not Yeah, that's what so. So yeah, it's the same thing.

Patel, Rahul:
Actually, it's the same. Yeah, it's just that in another company we have one more layer of company and the stock is not available intercompany. Then it goes to external vendor. Yeah, so the IPP will always not taking feedback. So probably from a supply planning the key figure for getting this confirmation for intra company will not be a user input, right? It's by default approved.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, yeah, correct. So in case of intra company or whether it is intercompany in both the cases, you know system will always look for SDR possibility and it is going to generate the plan, you know accordingly. So in case of intra users confirmation has no you know significance. So whether we adjust it or it doesn't do it. So probably we don't even need the key figure for adjustment of STO.

Patel, Rahul:
That's the point.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, yeah, so that is OK.

Sheth, Kunal:
In all the cases we need a approval mechanism, whether it's a intercompany or intracompany. Right supply plan.

Patel, Rahul:
Correct, correct, correct.

Sheth, Kunal:
So before moving from adjust key figure to the final key figure. No, no, before before moving to the final key figure after approval, it will move to the final and once it is final right so with the help of integration then receipt element will get created in S4 HANA but we

Vivekanand Gajula:
need that approval mechanism in place agreed yeah yeah but Rahul in case of intra company if they genuinely want to make some adjustments you know then then what should be the process like they should be allowed in that case,

Patel, Rahul:
right? If if. If let's let's in our. Example or design relation. Let's let's keep this closed and let's wait for their confirmation. OK, OK, yeah fine.

Vivekanand Gajula:
So we'll go with you know what we have discussed, you know, and if at all they cross question or they want to make any changes and we accommodate it.

Patel, Rahul:
So, at this point, we already have this input, right? So, let's use this input to demonstrate that there is no leeway, like there is no option to even, if the stock is available within the plant, there is no option to go outside.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
So, that enable system will do it automatically. During the validation, we'll take this feedback if users really want to have that additional adjustment key figure, then we will ask the approver that you have said that this is what is required. Now, if we provide this, then it may create an impact saying that every time people will override it and you may not utilize the stock to the optimum. So, do you want us to consider this?

 So, let us keep this decision with AdNoc. But for now, let us propose with what they have like no adjustment required.

Vivekanand Gajula:
should only be used in case of exception.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so probably who overrides it. It may be manager when he's approving. He can override not the so we can.

Vivekanand Gajula:
We can create a override key figure with an approval at a different level with a right at a different level. Yeah. OK, that's all from my side.

Patel, Rahul:
Set up this call tomorrow.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, I will do that.

Patel, Rahul:
Alright, then if you can set up this call, let's continue the conversation in detail tomorrow then.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, sure. Thank you so much.

Patel, Rahul:
Alright, thank you everyone. Have a nice day.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thank you all.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Bye!

