{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1734357741488,"end_time":1734357753608,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"We're waiting for a few more, and then we can get started. Just to benefit from the time, any updates on SDD?"},{"start_time":1734357753596,"end_time":1734357767367,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I checked with Khaled. He said he followed up three times with three different people. Or three, or the same people, but three different times."},{"start_time":1734357768680,"end_time":1734357773261,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"No moment, still did not get any update from Khaja yet."},{"start_time":1734357773181,"end_time":1734357776796,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Or Khalid. From whom other than Khalid you said?"},{"start_time":1734357776796,"end_time":1734357780891,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Khaja Syed who is basically enterprise architect from AdNoc."},{"start_time":1734357780891,"end_time":1734357789990,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah. Now we have a big delay and we're already now this is impacting the go live no more. Buffers."},{"start_time":1734357790872,"end_time":1734357800439,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah. I think we should be very prescriptive on how we message this in the status update."},{"start_time":1734357800439,"end_time":1734357819572,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"I'll do it tonight. No, no, we'll align. Yes, we update tonight, but let's also brief Khaled tomorrow morning saying the situation. And that's how we're planning on messaging it. Let's get his email."},{"start_time":1734357819581,"end_time":1734357867376,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Whatever is a misunderstanding versus a reality, I mean, we can tell him no, the only misunderstanding could be that whatever Kaiser told us before, he said that draft is good enough. If there was a misunderstanding, it should be final. Fine, but this doesn't mean it's 10 days. Even if we were ready, it's taking much longer than it should. I think, is it possible, Kunal, maybe you can help us. Did we submit the first time the SDD in its full form, not only the high level, but the one that we started getting reviewed and they started sharing feedback.\n\n Can you get this date, please?"},{"start_time":1734357867376,"end_time":1734357870134,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, sure. Let me check."},{"start_time":1734357870134,"end_time":1734357883775,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, let's have it. I think It's maybe the week, at least the creation date of SDD. I'm guessing it was the week just before the holiday."},{"start_time":1734357883775,"end_time":1734357907893,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"I think on 6th, we have shared with Khaja as well as Khalid 6th of December. That is the first full-fledged document which we have submitted. And then on 9th of December, we got the feedback. Detailed feedback from Kaja to be updated. Our submission was on the 6th. 6th yeah yeah."},{"start_time":1734357907893,"end_time":1734357944077,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"And maybe I think before that immediately before the holiday they told us that they want this it's not good because before that this is when we got the SAP SIDS and we wanted the firewall they said no you need the full STD correct around that time Thursday Friday yeah so the 6th. A full week so on 9th we when did we share the feedback after the 9th the updated version updated version we take one day so 10th we have again give them 9th we have taken the day to update and"},{"start_time":1734357944077,"end_time":1734357965025,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"then 10th yeah we resubmitted and then 11th they shared more feedback and then we sent it Thursday or Friday Thursday we were having a call with them with Khaja so one by one point we have updated them Then Khaja again gave the further comment to be updated and on the very same day we gave them."},{"start_time":1734357965025,"end_time":1734357990123,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So Hadi, this is also an example that logically and correct me if I'm wrong Kunal, why didn't they give us all the feedback in the first place on the 6th? Why on the 9th? If on the 9th we updated it, is it we missed something? No, actually 6th was Friday. No, no, 6th was Friday, 9th we submitted. Yeah. There is a misunderstanding."},{"start_time":1734357990123,"end_time":1734358002216,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"9th was a Monday, so Monday we got all the feedback because Saturday Khaja put up all the review comments."},{"start_time":1734358002216,"end_time":1734358015520,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"On 6th we submitted, 9th they shared feedback, then on 10th we updated, then on 11th why did they have more feedback?"},{"start_time":1734358016168,"end_time":1734358065056,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"the other comments no again review the entire comment which we updated so then we have set up a quick call with them go through all the review comments and response the responses which we updated and then in the same meeting he told us couple of comments which we need to update so by the end of the day we have reverted to them on 12th and these comments were not shared when they sent online on the No, no, no.\n\n It was not there. So they have given other comments as well as the way of different understanding. So that we have updated. And then he said that it will go under further review by the security team, compliance team. So we need to put in this way only. Otherwise, it will get rejected, even though if I approve it."},{"start_time":1734358065056,"end_time":1734358100586,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK. So Hadi, let's align on how we're informing or telling Khalid on what is it. Even if there was a misunderstanding, right? But from the 6th till now, it's back and forth, back and forth. It's not rocket science. So there is a difference between us misunderstanding something and then a full week, which is not done till now, of review and validation, even though we have a high level, we had it before, so on and so forth.\n\n So last question, Kunal. The 6th of December was the full version or was the draft?"},{"start_time":1734358100586,"end_time":1734358104854,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"6 was the full version from our side. All the content was completed."},{"start_time":1734358104854,"end_time":1734358121600,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"When did we do the draft? Not the high level that was maybe a month back, but the draft that they said should be. Kaiser said the draft should be OK. Then after we submitted, they said no, that's not enough. You need the full document. You remember when was that?"},{"start_time":1734358121600,"end_time":1734358123899,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"I think that is one month back."},{"start_time":1734358123899,"end_time":1734358183860,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Only one month, so it's the high level one. I remember it. That shows the architecture. Okay, anyway, so this one, no progress yet. Who do we have that can give us an update? My understanding on the approval is the following. Raoul, on behalf of the team, so we have five documents, one BRD and four BPD, one combined for inventory and then for demand there is one for MRO, one chemicals, one a drilling.\n\n Correct me if I'm wrong. Now, uh, the demand chemicals is late because of the number of comments, or we couldn't send it on Friday. On Friday, we had three documents ready out of five. I don't know the fourth one. I don't know which one. Maybe, Kunal, you would know. So we sent reminders for over the approval request Friday for three documents. Do you know which ones they are?"},{"start_time":1734358184235,"end_time":1734358190276,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"And which No, no, BRD we haven't sent yet final version by Rahul. It was BPD."},{"start_time":1734358190276,"end_time":1734358200033,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I know the chemical BPD was late, but also the full BRD was, this is the one that was not sent on Friday, the fourth document."},{"start_time":1734358200033,"end_time":1734358208289,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, chemical BPD is pending from our side because there are a couple of comments which we need to review and update."},{"start_time":1734358208289,"end_time":1734358230937,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yes, I remember that. I mean, Bastian and the team were working on those. That's chemical BPD. But why wasn't the BRD ready on Friday? Or I understood that it will be done today. So help me understand this part. Yes, we can hear you now."},{"start_time":1734358230937,"end_time":1734358242059,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Three documents were sent on Friday. It was the BPD for demand, MRO, BPD Demand for drilling and inventory And the talking combined."},{"start_time":1734358242059,"end_time":1734358242416,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734358242416,"end_time":1734358258121,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yes, two documents were not sent where the chemicals and the BRD both now already Now what we're doing is just formatting them. We'll send them right now in the next hour Okay, great, and then we'll give them till Wednesday instead of tomorrow."},{"start_time":1734358258121,"end_time":1734358298392,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So today today we got one approval although he tried to add something that I didn't like about the major minor changes, etc, but resolving this with Khalid. Ideally by tomorrow we'll get the remaining two and then by Wednesday the other two or even maybe if we're lucky something tomorrow. So this will give us the approval required for two things milestones also for the review board that they requested an email approval to to allow us to proceed.\n\n So from a design documents the RDPPD that is under the SDD wish we're on track, right, team?"},{"start_time":1734358298392,"end_time":1734358301406,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No, we're a bit delayed, but that's..."},{"start_time":1734358301406,"end_time":1734358305711,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"No, no, on track as per the plan on Friday."},{"start_time":1734358305711,"end_time":1734358348611,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I know we're a bit delayed. We're actually a lot delayed. We accumulated until now between the SAP delay and SDD to firewall also is like we'll have 20 plus days, working days. So we're not in good shape. Already the we were trying to recover, but given the delay in firewall and and in firewall, which is dependent on SDD, we got we hit the brick wall. So yes, that's to be reported tomorrow and also for the steel, which will not be a pleasant discussion.\n\n But we are where we are. Yeah, more you wanted to add something."},{"start_time":1734358348611,"end_time":1734358349039,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No."},{"start_time":1734358349467,"end_time":1734358371428,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So this is state of the collective design documents across. Hadi, I don't think for the audience there's anything about invoice. You're following up on it. Do you need anything from the team regarding tomorrow's status update before we jump to other topics?"},{"start_time":1734358371428,"end_time":1734358389000,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"I need primarily to validate with Raoul some of the issues and risks. The same thing that we do on a weekly basis. He's not here, so I'll catch up with him separately. And we need to agree on the messaging about the delays, and that you and I can do."},{"start_time":1734358389000,"end_time":1734358606017,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So from the team, no, I don't need it. Yeah, I think after agreeing with Khaled, we can do the status update and the steel code tomorrow, the one or two hours after, so that we can brief Firas, we can agree on this messaging. If this will raise a bit of blame game, we'll have to manage it, because for this team, or not going to be like basically blamed for everything. So that's it, okay. Nikita, I know we promised to set up a session, so I told Kyle, let me book something tomorrow with Hadi, I mean, and you, based on those things, because we're a bit all over the place with the Steelco and the status update, both of them showing red or flat.\n\n Flashing red, let's say. But we'll do something tomorrow. Yeah, I mean, that's the plan, because today we were a bit all over the place. Sounds good. Inshallah. Yeah, I mean, and this is, we are where we are. I cannot make it green just because. Well, maybe everyone will basically shape up now or push more if one document needs a week to be reviewed. And just for the team, what Hadi will start collecting or validating with you, and this is especially for documents that would require multiple parties.\n\n I think Nikita, Kyle, and the team, your documents don't go through multiple reviews, but for the technical and functional team. Let's say going forward we need to do SIT, UAT, there is the activity itself and then there is the approval on it. So those, and now I notice Sebastian is with us, we discussed it earlier today, but we will have to have like a table to be shared with Khaled or the project team saying these were, here are the assumptions to date.\n\n If we start the SIT it will take that long because also just like the workshops that we had for, whether it's a demo or a process discussion, et cetera, we need to make sure that the number of days were allocated for something is enough, one, based on Nikita and Kyle, and definitely Bashir and the team, based on the number of users. So if we estimated number of days for SIT or UAT, it has to be feasible.\n\n Just like the workshops at one point we realized it's not possible, we had to extend. All of this needs to be in a way pushed now. So if we're doing any change request or when we're doing a change request, we probably anticipate a bit more rather than just go into a cycle of it. So this is the fun part. What else team? Anyone would like to share comments? Because Raul didn't join. There is something related to the drilling data that he is following up, which is basically maybe Bastian would know what we sent as templates.\n\n They shared the chemicals and Amaro drilling was late and he's following up or you're both following up explaining to Dignesh what we need. Is this progressing? Is this something we'd like to highlight in the status update? Tell us what you think."},{"start_time":1734358610915,"end_time":1734358612540,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Regarding data, right?"},{"start_time":1734358612540,"end_time":1734358626087,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yes, specifically for drilling, because I think we progressed on a model and chemicals, right? We have no not update. Throughout the date, no update."},{"start_time":1734358626087,"end_time":1734358628255,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"To all of today."},{"start_time":1734358628255,"end_time":1734358630422,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No, let me check."},{"start_time":1734358630422,"end_time":1734358776698,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I thought I saw something today. But in the morning in the huddle with Raul. We agreed to check. So Vignesh followed. Oh, no, no, sorry. That's Saturday. My bad. Yeah, I don't know what's the plan for today. There is nothing. Although Vignesh was here today. Let's try to add. In case you can answer. Okay. There was something. Sebastian, I think with the team, this slide that talks about those constraints for the drilling release is, sorry I forgot who's working on it, Sagar and Arun, I think you said.\n\n Yeah, last time they were following that up, I'm not sure if they were. I'm looking at the slide, other than the font, a font slide, nothing I'm not sure if that's something you changed online or if. Okay, online it's still the same, but the only difference is I noticed, I don't know why someone changed the font. Ah, someone added a bullet. Okay, it seems someone is working on it. It could be Kushboo because she is also on the document.\n\n Kushboo, is that you or it's Arun and Sagar? No, that was me. I read an additional point about... Ah, the one that's common to definition and creation or definition and correction. Yes, the one about the bomb. Okay, okay. Then, no, yeah, I mean, Bastian and the team, if either they'll send us an updated slide or they update the live one, whatever, just so that we can also include it in the draft STIRCO for tomorrow's discussion in the afternoon for the status update.\n\n OK. What else, Dean? My memory might not be watertight, so I might have been..."},{"start_time":1734358776698,"end_time":1734358794949,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"I need Sebastian's inputs when we're done with the updates regarding the total end-day delays for the go-live. So whether we have this discussion now or tomorrow, ideally before the status update, because it's..."},{"start_time":1734358794949,"end_time":1734358862397,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"We can tell him But the point is that's how there is something we discussed this morning. Yeah, but I'll tell you what the question is, Sebastian. So we have around 22 for now, etc. We want to check because we went through wave one sprints and we're checking every one of them were late, etc. Does that mean all the delay will impact wave one? So from May 19, it might go into whatever change at June 20.\n\n And if yes so it's either yeah this is the case or the delay might impact part partially and let's say half of it will impact wave one the rest will wave two this is the part where that we wanted to double check one because if if it's the first option it means wave one and wave two will be very close in terms of go live does it mean that in reality no may 19 will be by a month and also June 30 will be pushed by X days so this part is what's not clear.\n\n Got me Sebastian?"},{"start_time":1734358862397,"end_time":1734358877652,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"That's on the dates that we reviewed this morning. Initially we have less impact on the wave 2 so if we have four weeks of impact in wave 1 but just two on wave 2."},{"start_time":1734358877652,"end_time":1734358879395,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"How could it be?"},{"start_time":1734358879625,"end_time":1734358882707,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"four weeks on Wave 1 and two on Wave 2."},{"start_time":1734358882707,"end_time":1734358887024,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"So you have less time to do Wave 2 and you're comfortable with that?"},{"start_time":1734358887024,"end_time":1734358895964,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"No, no, I didn't even know that there would be an impact on Wave 2. That's why we actually were discussing this, Sebastian. We knew it's a one month."},{"start_time":1734358895964,"end_time":1734358902130,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"There's something, if you see the plan, we are already past the initial date of the configuration for Wave 2."},{"start_time":1734358902130,"end_time":1734358918213,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Correct, yeah, and we checked. Those weeks. Ah, okay, for initial configuration for Wave 2. It was supposed to be aligned with sprint two of wave one, I think, and sprint one of wave two. Okay. Yeah, please continue. No, that's that's the point."},{"start_time":1734358918213,"end_time":1734358930552,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"So we, we have, if we don't have the prerequisite to start the configuration, we need to delay it. As today, I cannot confirm that we can recover those time."},{"start_time":1734358930552,"end_time":1734358930964,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1734358930964,"end_time":1734358946801,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Just so I'm clear, Sebastian, that means an overall delay of the project of two weeks, because the second go live happens later. However, we still have a delay of four weeks on wave one."},{"start_time":1734358946801,"end_time":1734359000011,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"That's what you're telling me, right? Yep. So May 19 becomes, let's say, June 10, plus or minus. And June 30, which is end of wave two, might become July. Sorry, sorry, my bad. May 19 will almost become June 19. It's almost a full month. While wave two deadline or due date, which was June 30, could be mid of July. Correct, Sebastian? Correct. Okay, so that's part of the message also, Hadi, that yes, the net, net.\n\n Yeah, that's why I was asking. In fact, it's the weeks, but it's the split. Okay, fine. So that eliminated the question mark here. We're good. We're not good. We're not good, but no more questions."},{"start_time":1734359000011,"end_time":1734359006902,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"We're really bad, but it's okay. But we cannot do magic if we don't have the prerequisite."},{"start_time":1734359006902,"end_time":1734359018658,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"No, no, I'm not, I'm not, I know, I know. Yeah, I know it, but it's, they need to understand that if we cannot configure, we'll delete that one."},{"start_time":1734359018658,"end_time":1734359043573,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Yes, yes, yes. It's part of the messaging. It's not, listen, it's not, we can't do magic is the right word, right? If we don't have what we need from them, and that's partly the support that we're asking for future activities to ensure that we don't fall in the same problem later on for SIT, UAT, et cetera, we need to tell them that, hey, we need you. It's not like we can do stuff on our own, right?\n\n So far we suffered this delay, et cetera."},{"start_time":1734359043573,"end_time":1734359092485,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I think we need to be ready with the explanation that we use some of this time for configuration, that is not dependent on the data. Actually, let me ask you this since we have Bastian and Sebastian. We have the templates, we got the data. We're telling them whatever configuration we needed to do without the data, that's done. We use the template also to simulate or to get some of this data and start the configuration.\n\n What is exactly the explanation that we still need the full access of integration, not just the data in order to continue the configuration. Help me understand this. Is it because of the extractor, which would require time, even if we have all the data, we still need time for extractors as a setup?"},{"start_time":1734359092485,"end_time":1734359100002,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"Yeah, without that, we cannot work on building up the integration in between S4 HANA and SAP IBP."},{"start_time":1734359100002,"end_time":1734359114491,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, so we have a fake integration now by getting the data, but still, We tried to leverage or benefit from the time, but at the end of the day, we still need to build that integration."},{"start_time":1734359114491,"end_time":1734359117495,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"We're not going to continuously use the template."},{"start_time":1734359117495,"end_time":1734359202091,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So we can advance a lot on IPP configuration and some validation with the users, but not the integration. Yeah, okay. Let's make sure between tomorrow and Thursday, that message also, this answer is clear, so we're aligned. Okay, so data we discussed. SDD. Drilling will check with Raoul. And I don't know. A question to Bastian. Given where we are, do we need any involvement from the users, and also Sebastian for sure, from the users from AdNoc during this month or it has to be next month in We thought that we will involve them end of Sprint one beginning of Sprint two for certain things.\n\n And if you remember Sebastian and Rocio, you created the weekly plan for this. The only thing I couldn't find on the weekly plan is or not couldn't find. I couldn't fix is when do we need Addo because it was a moving target. We were planning something and got delayed. So long story short. Question, do we need them this month, given also how many working days we still have, who's on leave, who's not on leave?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734359202091,"end_time":1734359213775,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So, regarding the involvement of key users, we believe it's a good idea to involve them in the testing units, unit testing."},{"start_time":1734359213784,"end_time":1734359218297,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"which is going to be in December, or it's too optimistic."},{"start_time":1734359218297,"end_time":1734359220349,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Let me check the plan."},{"start_time":1734359220759,"end_time":1734359278463,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I think if you don't have the answer now, but let's try to get the answer. Ideally tomorrow when we have the status update, we will also use it as an opportunity. Just I mean, it will be the same group that we picked for the approvals. But maybe a smaller set from companies. If we have now 10, possibly it depends on BPD for the MRO or chemicals etc. It would be a smaller group but the same nature of those reps, whomever was involved in review will also be involved in SIT so we can benefit.\n\n So yeah if you have an answer now Bastian it would be great. If not, then we'll do it whenever you're ready or let's discuss it tomorrow on the configuration. Yeah, I need to check."},{"start_time":1734359278463,"end_time":1734359279448,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah, please."},{"start_time":1734359279448,"end_time":1734359292260,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Before I jump, I don't think the unit testing will start this year. I think. Yeah, yeah. We probably will start in the beginning of January."},{"start_time":1734359292260,"end_time":1734359323101,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, you need to check who's and what, so on and so forth, and who's on leave versus working. Last question, because I need to jump. Maybe it's Mo and Sheroze, but ultimately the rest of the team. To what extent did we detail the test cases or use cases that we will use for what Bastian mentioned in unit test, and later on, SIT, UAT?"},{"start_time":1734359327574,"end_time":1734359367636,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"We don't have that. That's that's my concern, and it's a risk. Yeah, my question, Bastian, is to what extent we detailed the use cases or the test cases based on the BRD and BPD that we will will be the basis of our SIT and UAT. Don't we need them to be frozen or fixed from now? I remember when we were doing the walkthrough of the BPD, we referred to this. Saying these are the use cases or the Scenarios, I don't know.\n\n What was the term? So where are we on that perspective?"},{"start_time":1734359367636,"end_time":1734359387756,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"There are just Yeah, it's I'm referring to yeah Can you repeat again? Yeah, you're you're referring to the test conditions That's all in the BPD, but to what extent the It's been. Locked. That we need to let me ask."},{"start_time":1734359387756,"end_time":1734359463000,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Let me ask the question in a different way, and this is for everyone in this case, not only more. I'm a user, Sebastian, someone from the key users joined in the unit test or SIT. And I said I would like to test 1234 the following scenarios. How can I prevent him or her from coming up with ideas that in reality are not what we had in mind in configuration or what we fixed in VRD and BPD. I come from a more conservative school where I close or lock the test cases during design, so you don't leave things open-ended till later.\n\n Now, I think we discussed it a couple of times, but honestly, we had so many things and I never double-checked. So from that perspective, how do we prevent that from happening? And if it's not, what do we need to do now to manage this risk? If we don't have an answer, we already have an issue."},{"start_time":1734359463000,"end_time":1734359508410,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, I can't say we have an answer. Answer to that, but I think the best way to do that to to lock the test. Uh, scenarios is to provide. Right. Provide them here. Here are the list of testing scenarios, and if they're okay with it, they signed it. Right now. I think they are documented in the, uh BPD as testing conditions. But they even that with their data, they want to be able to test some scenarios and we haven't received those scenarios yet.\n\n No, so you cannot receive them."},{"start_time":1734359508410,"end_time":1734359515293,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"You need to dictate them more in team. Okay, I need to jump another call."},{"start_time":1734359515293,"end_time":1734359519881,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, but let's do the following. I think during the..."},{"start_time":1734359519881,"end_time":1734359520799,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Build phase."},{"start_time":1734359520799,"end_time":1734359546858,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, during the configuration phase in the way, sorry, in the Spring 3, we have to consider the creation of the testing. This testing will be for the MVP, okay? So, a basic. And based on that, then we will have the unit testing, and with the unit testing, we will create a backlog with additional requirements, okay?"},{"start_time":1734359546858,"end_time":1734359547305,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734359547305,"end_time":1734359549094,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"With additional testing scenarios."},{"start_time":1734359549094,"end_time":1734359560733,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Let's call it that way. Additional testing scenarios. And for that we will iterate in the UAT and then the subsequent cases. So we need to lock this the earliest."},{"start_time":1734359560733,"end_time":1734359619849,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So Khurshbu, you might be the candidate because this will help in two things. Those would be also the core for the training with users, not only UAT, because ideally you train on similar cases or scenarios like you've been testing again or they're getting acceptance. But I think, and Bastian, I hope this is what you we need to have this in parallel. So while the configuration team is working. Will decide maybe more with you and kushboo since she rose.\n\n I think it will be transitioning out. Will work on it. Let's continue the discussion tomorrow during the huddle or even during the day if there is another catch up. But this is important. Getting approval on it. Otherwise it will become. Basically I wish like Alice in Wonderland. They come and they say I thought this. Means the following and the following could be a crazy idea. Yes, I'll stop here.\n\n Apologies. I need to jump if the rest would stay one last point."},{"start_time":1734359619849,"end_time":1734359625584,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"I think for Bastian I think we need to learn on what is basic is that."},{"start_time":1734359625584,"end_time":1734359632395,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, I want to be able to. Anyway, I'll drop you can continue with the rest. Thanks, thanks everyone."},{"start_time":1734359634237,"end_time":1734359636728,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you. From my side."},{"start_time":1734359636728,"end_time":1734359650677,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Uh, anything unclear with the comments I made regarding the insights? Or is it something that you can draft together and put together and then we can review?"},{"start_time":1734359650677,"end_time":1734359662634,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, I started drafting it, um, in terms of the technical requirements are probably tomorrow. I'll touch base with Raul in terms of this."},{"start_time":1734359662643,"end_time":1734359685769,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"It's basically what have we learned to change the way we do things in the future. That's mainly it. And we know that CM will drive us to educate people, will drive us to manage the change. That's definitely something that goes in there. We know that we're taking too much time in reviews, so that's definitely something that we need to account for, that kind of stuff."},{"start_time":1734359685769,"end_time":1734359716639,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"I'm mainly putting them as like what we know so far in terms of like resistance in terms of approvals like right yeah one is the whole topic about demand planning now okay so there was now an alignment now everyone knows that okay it's owned by inventory even though it's going to be used by the end user other one is the resistance on changing but there needs to be the only thing I would tell you there needs to be"},{"start_time":1734359716639,"end_time":1734359755194,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"a so what not just what we've seen. You're making comments on what we've seen, great, okay, but how does that change what you're going to do in the next three months? Does that mean you need to involve more people? Does that mean you need to anticipate this resistance from earlier on so that you can manage it through communication? So keep thinking, okay, I learned this or I saw this, therefore that's what I'm going to do, to or that's what it means for the future.\n\n I can just connect with you offline. Thank you everyone. Thanks a lot."},{"start_time":1734359755194,"end_time":1734359756341,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you."},{"start_time":1734359756341,"end_time":1734359757488,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Bye guys."},{"start_time":1734359757488,"end_time":1734359758636,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you."}],"speakers":[{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"}]}