Rocio Minguillon:
Hi Rocio, how are you doing? Hi Vivek, how are you? I'm fine, thank you. And you? Happy New Year. I think that I didn't see you on Friday or Thursday. Happy New Year.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
How are you starting?

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yeah, going good, you know, pretty occupied, you know, with a lot of work.

Rocio Minguillon:
How is doing NADRO? It seems like better?

Vivekanand Gajula:
actually as you know there was new year so a lot of people you know were on holidays you know so because of that I was mainly you know focusing on on this stuff you know that I had you know

Rocio Minguillon:
from adnok yeah I think from today onwards you know uh they will keep me busy you know with my work yeah I imagine I imagine I know lucas that project and he always tell me how busy you are. Hello, Saul. I got two monster projects. Hi, Vivek.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hi, Rocio. Hi, Saul.

Rocio Minguillon:
How are you, Saul? Happy New Year for you too. Happy New Year, Rocio.

Saul Portillo:
Very good for you here. Thank you for having me.

Rocio Minguillon:
A good weather. Nice, nice. Here it's so cold. Yeah. Well, I want, I don't, I'm not sure if Hector and Bastián are going to show in this meeting because today is a public holiday here in Spain and I think that they are working like half or just, just Hello, Ray.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
How are you? Hi, Rocio. Hi, Sagar. Hey, hello, Rocio.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Hello, Dean. Hey, Ray. Hi, Sagar.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hi, Fee. Hi, Dean.

Rocio Minguillon:
How are you? Hi, Fee. Well, happy New Year, Ray, Sagar. Sorry, go ahead. Ray, you are in Chile?

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Yes, my friend, I am in Chile right now.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Do you go to the office this week? Do you plan to go? No, I don't think so. Why? You are in Chile right now?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
So maybe we can do something?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Rocio Minguillon:
Maybe not go to the office, but maybe for a beer or something. Maybe for a beer, one other thing. Yeah. You should, you should. Okay team, I will be quick so you can like, Yeah, go on with your activities. Hello, Hector.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
How are you? Happy New Year.

Hector Palacios:
Hello, good morning. Hey, Hector.

Rocio Minguillon:
Well, I'm not sure if VASTI is going to shine, so we will start with some critical activities. Probably not. Yeah, probably not.

Hector Palacios:
Probably not, because today is a holiday in Spain.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Rocio Minguillon:
I okay. Yeah, I know. Okay, so we're not going to do like a weekly, we're just checking some critical activities that I need to know the status for the huddle. But but just that first, a salary, I wanted to align with you, if you got like, well, first of all, thank you. And congratulations for the I mean, I was on holidays on Friday. And suddenly one day I thought, OK, we need four weeks of ANABAP.

 And we are going to, we had that complex issue regarding the change of the location and that. And then I saw that Reinaldo and I think that we were working on that. So that's very nice. And then you can update us on that. And congrats. And well, the thing that I wanted to ask was, do you think that you can, I think that you talked with Basti regarding this, but do you think that you can prioritize doing some kind of technical activities with date lists?

 I mean, the similar one of the one that you already made during November, I think, link or before, but with the updated dates. So I can track with AdNod and with KPMG the delays. Because actually, for example, they are asking if this delay that we are having on the ticket with SAP is causing delays on our 10 weeks plan or is not. And I think that according to what we talked today with Sarah, generating new delays, but I want to know, like, until which day we are having DAs, and not only regarding this activity, but also the ones that came after this.

 I don't know if that sounds good to you, or if you think that we can do it some other way.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
But I was thinking of that. What do you think? We are having some delays there, so this is a risk because we cannot start doing the integration part. So right now, what I am doing is to improve all the extractor on SAP, doing the enhance, all that, but we need that ticket resolve to be able to do all the extraction. And without that, we are missing some days and we are having some delays.

Rocio Minguillon:
Do you think, Ray, because I know that if I look for the activities that you mentioned at the beginning, like these ones, I know that here, for example, I mean, this is a general activity. Enable CIDS interface. I know that we are here. Test interface and evaluate data availability in IVP. This was the next activity that we are going to perform after having this. But I mean, we have approximately a month for this, and this was also connected to the beginning of the configuration.

 That was on the 26th of November. So I mean, we have like a week of the 10 weeks to do this. So now my question is if you can like review these activities also to check if there is some more that they are not considered or whatever and put a date that has to be finished to to follow these 10 weeks of configuration, I will put here. I mean, because these 10 weeks are counting from the 26th of December.

 That is the day that we talked, that we started with that. But then, I mean, maybe we are not going to be ready by the 25th of February. Today, I talked with Seba, He told me that according to their experience and to their project and whatever, we are OK to this date. But I'm afraid that after other activities or delays, or we are starting having new delays, and then I can't say how much days of delay.

 I mean, I'm being clear, or it's confusing.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Yeah, yeah, I understand what are you saying, Rocio. But the only delay that we have right now is about the ticket that already was raised to SAP regarding the connection with IBP. So if we don't have that stuff, we are going to have like a problem with the integration part. So that's a risk there.

Rocio Minguillon:
Friday, this should be, like, totally fixed, or is before, like, to not have impact on this?

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
So this should be resolved this week, because it's a fast, easy way to solve that, but we depend by SAP. That's the problem. OK. Yes, because we are here.

Rocio Minguillon:
If they don't fix this, and if next week we don't Then we will have like less weeks that that will be a problem. Yeah. Yeah, and that would be a problem.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
That's right Okay, okay, okay sure great, but anyway if you can like review these activities, okay, so for today For the activity Rocio, we already have another one I think Sagar shared that with Bastián and Hector and it has all the activities that we need to do from this moment until the 27th of February. So maybe what is missing there is the deadline for all the activities. That's something that we are going to deliver on Wednesday, okay?



Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, yeah, yeah, perfect. So I put this for Wednesday, so this is okay. So thank you, and well, I have what to say today in the Hadoop. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Ray, just a question.

Hector Palacios:
What about the communication user? Basti was saying something like that Friday.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Regarding the configuration user, we are missing the one for one ERP. I configured by myself. So it's working for me. Using my user, right?

Sagar Vora:
I got the ID password from Kunal.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Okay, perfect. I did not know that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So that's great.

Sagar Vora:
In my morning I received, so I created the connection and connection is working fine. So I'm just doing the testing like I am able to see the data or not.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Okay, perfect. Thank you, Sagar.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, I think that I receive an activity regarding, yeah, get S4 access for a web consultant. Is this, I mean, I think that Seva created this task for me. Is this still needed or what you do is not needed, Ray? I'm not sure. Or maybe I can ask Seba.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Yeah, that we're going to need it because in the future of the project, Alejandra and Isabel is going to be part of the project, and it's going to be the ABAP team that will help us to create all the enhancements. So it's something they are going to request. I think that for now, we don't have the person that will do these activities. It's something that Sebastian is working on.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, I think that they are not going to allow me to create the user. Well, I will ask her. OK, OK, OK. Thank you. And then regarding the integration, impact of changing plan from SLOG or MRP area? I think that this is done, or should I move it to the integration work stream? You are still working on this, no, Hector, Reysar?

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Yes, I already did something for location. Today, we'll do it for location product and the others. But we are working on that. I think on Wednesday, we are going to have a lot of information to show the IPP teams.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay? Great. Great. Thank you. Well, this is regarding another point, technical sessions, definition preparation. I think that is related to to what we are talking about. You are with this, no, Sagar? I think so. Okay. Well, team, regarding the other topic, Maybe to align the key activities of the week, maybe tomorrow we are going to talk more general on that. But let's close these activities. The VP, DM, DRD comments, I understand that they are closed.



Hector Palacios:
Hector and Vivek, I think that you were with that. Basically, everything that they have raised, we have responded. Unless it's not for our team.

Rocio Minguillon:
Nice. And do you know if they already sent the definitive version of the documents to AdNoc? Just for curiosity.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We're working on that.

Rocio Minguillon:
These tasks, I have it for like for a month, but I still need to have it. Pending thing. Well, also for you to know, today we had a meeting with KPMG and also with Khalid from AdNoc, and we reviewed the different impacts that we are having on the plan. So we have to change some things before talking with other users from AdMob, but we are on that. And yes, well, maybe tomorrow we can review the different dates, but for you to know, we are on that, like taking into consideration all the delay on the CIDS part, and also taking into consideration the time that we took for approval to take that into consideration in the UAT and the different stages that are coming.

 But for you to know, we are on that and the meeting today went good, so we are okay with this. We are doing well, the thing about showing the impact on the plan. So, well, I don't know Is there any other point that you wanted to raise? I also asked for the team to have these daily stand-ups in the frequency and the duration that you suggested, Hector. So let's see what Koushbou says, but yeah, that will be.

 Something to take into account that it's not, it doesn't make sense to have these dailies every day of one hour. We don't have that internally. We don't want to have that with this team. Okay. Any other point that you want to take?

Vivekanand Gajula:
Hector, I just want to ask you one question. Are we allowed to run some tests in Adnox SAP system?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
System is it? Yeah.

Hector Palacios:
I think so.

Vivekanand Gajula:
I think so. We can validate, but they were saying... We check with them, you know, otherwise we run something and then they question us. Us yeah do you want to run some tests on the MRP yeah or maybe I was preparing you know some test cases you know so what I was thinking is once we understand you know the nature of ROP you know how it works in MRP then I think we can do something on the IBP side no because the examples that Vignesh gave us They are very basic man.

 I mean. I need to make it slightly, you know, complex.

Hector Palacios:
OK, can you put for now an activity on the Excel Vivek related to that?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
In the open point.

Vivekanand Gajula:
So we discuss it right now, but in the open points you have already put one activity know last week like list down all the possible ROP scenarios they should come under you know that okay then let's use that one and in the next discussion we have for configuration we can discuss that yeah scenarios see I have already prepared you know based on the examples you know that Rignesh gave and also by taking you know, some assumptions.

 But I think if somebody, you know, from AdNoc confirm on that, or maybe add some more scenarios, you know, to that list, then I think we can have a, you know, complete list of scenarios.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, you're right. All right.

Hector Palacios:
OK, let's discuss it then on the configuration.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
session. Yes, sure. Okay, any other pointing that you wanted to raise?

Rocio Minguillon:
And Hector, just to be clear for the huddle now, I will also raise that there is a possibility, a huge possibility, that you are not traveling like the first week that we said, but a week after, because we already We still have pendings on the drilling configuration and the data and everything, but I don't know if they are going to be aligned on that or if they are going to need further detail on that.

 I mean, do you think that Rahul is aligned with that or he's going to question that?

Hector Palacios:
because we were expecting to have a demonstration with them and we couldn't because nobody was joining the session.

Rocio Minguillon:
And what is exactly what is missing from the drilling?

Hector Palacios:
Maybe we wanted to show a demo just to know if we are on the right track because if we wait for the...

Rocio Minguillon:
A demo now? We are not talking about unit testing, we are talking about...

Hector Palacios:
Before unit testing, so we didn't want to go on that week to saying if this is what they want we we want some some feedback early and okay we are missing that we are missing that feedback and we're basically

Rocio Minguillon:
at but if if we are having that feedback I mean next week for example that is like two weeks before going one week before going that is not going to be in I mean, because they are going to ask, I mean, if it's just a matter of having that hour or the two or three hours for that session or what. And I didn't raise, like, previously that we needed that session, so I'm a little bit afraid of that.

Hector Palacios:
No, they know, because we have replaced that session and they So, they know that we are missing a session. What we are discussing with Bazzi, you can confirm, Bazzi is online. So, you can ask him, but we were saying on Friday that if by this week we don't get any update on this and we are on the same page, then, well, basically we are not going to go on those

Rocio Minguillon:
dates. So it's about having the session and also to answer some points that are in an email or nothing to do with that. I'm not sure. Let me ask. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Tim.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't know if there's any other point.

Rocio Minguillon:
That's it from my side.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. No, that's it.

Rocio Minguillon:
OK, yeah, please check your your virtual machine access so you I can close that. OK, you should thank you. Bye bye, thank you.

Vivekanand Gajula:
Thank you, bye. Thank you, bye bye. Thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
you Bye!

