{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1734962496762,"end_time":1734962522583,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Or maybe Raul or Kunal, you can help me. We can't download the data that Arun sent to us because it's in their SharePoint and we can't download information from there. Have you had this problem in the past and how did you solve it? Maybe they can send us this file."},{"start_time":1734962524998,"end_time":1734962529332,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"the ad-hoc environment using VDI, the Windows app, right?"},{"start_time":1734962529360,"end_time":1734962539555,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, I mean, but the data is the one that we have to upload to IBP. So we need to download it and to upload it."},{"start_time":1734962539555,"end_time":1734962554409,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"You can access IBP through the VDI also. So through your laptop, access the VDI app. Through VDI, you can log into IBP and upload directly into IBP. You don't need to get into your local network."},{"start_time":1734962554409,"end_time":1734962567190,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, but I mean, how do you download the information and then upload it to IPP? Because that is how it works."},{"start_time":1734962567190,"end_time":1734962589993,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"I mean, we have to upload a CSV. So I would recommend using VDI. And from VDI, you can access IPP. And then you can access IBP through VDI and directly upload. So you don't need to bring the data out of AdDoc environments."},{"start_time":1734962589993,"end_time":1734962590398,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1734962590398,"end_time":1734962595255,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"But is it possible to download something within the AdNoc environment? Yes."},{"start_time":1734962595255,"end_time":1734962616972,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"So if you log in through VDI, you can download that. It works as a regular computer, right? So you can access internet, you access IBP, download the templates from IBP, create data, on the local computer and upload. You can work as a local computer there."},{"start_time":1734962616972,"end_time":1734962623374,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I will notify Saul and let's check if he is able."},{"start_time":1734962660938,"end_time":1734962673151,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So do we have everyone? Kim, can you hear me? Yes."},{"start_time":1734962673151,"end_time":1734962717176,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"From our side, I think that we're all, Bastian and Anaru. Okay. Yeah, also change management, functional. Okay, cool. So, which topic shall we start with? Sarah, I'm not sure if you finalized the list with Hadi yet, but at least we have three or four topics we're sure that they're burning, and then we can use your sheet to cross-check. So, there was some progress on SDD, Kunal, would you like to brief us?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734962717176,"end_time":1734962719731,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, sure. Mo, I did update."},{"start_time":1734962719731,"end_time":1734962726118,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Hadi and me updated this sheet with due dates. Sorry Kunal, I'll let you continue."},{"start_time":1734962726118,"end_time":1734962734208,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, let's cover the burning topics we know and then you can tell us if there's something else."},{"start_time":1734962734208,"end_time":1734962734634,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Kunal?"},{"start_time":1734962734634,"end_time":1734962800624,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, so Mo, actually based on the Vignesh input, so I also got in touch with Mudar. Basically he's a cyber security support from the support team so he has a query related to the sdd whether the service definition should be business normal or business critical so we have explained to him and also he agreed to that yeah so based on this point it should be the business normal service it is not a critical and then after some time I also requested him that if any further inputs required let me know or or you can proceed for this sdd approval so after that he did not revert so maybe he has done or not we don't know but that is the last status from him but this is for isn't this for digital business continuity no basically there are two things one is business continuity second one is cyber security so there is a one for security and compliance so he's from that group which which we need his approval in sdd Okay, so as opposed to"},{"start_time":1734962800624,"end_time":1734962816670,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"the morning, we have one approval we got from the morning and we have two still pending, right? The one we received was from Business Continuity. Same question was asked by Business Continuity and he got convinced with our answer and he approved."},{"start_time":1734962816670,"end_time":1734962831579,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"So only two approval left. One is security architecture support. So this Mudar is from that team. And second one is risk and compliance. So these two are still bending from SDD side."},{"start_time":1734962831579,"end_time":1734962839761,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, maybe we'll show the team this so that they know what we're talking about."},{"start_time":1734962839761,"end_time":1734962844125,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"So that's what we're referring to, right? Correct."},{"start_time":1734962844125,"end_time":1734962906327,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"First and second second one. Yeah, yeah. So we're done with four. Still have those two. I checked with Ignash before I left and he said yeah he'll try to talk to Mudar again. I think Firas knows him. So Mudar is RISC or security? Mudar is from security, cyber security. Okay and for RISC I think he was talking to someone, someone told him I'll get back to you in 20 minutes, we'll see. So tomorrow morning at least we need to also get an update so that we hope Now, before we move on, I have a question to Bastian, Rocio, Hector, Arun, sorry, whomever is on the call, I'm sharing my screen.\n\n I know that getting this done and having firewall approved will give us the chance to start the CIDS, to finalize CIDS setup and connect to ERP."},{"start_time":1734962906336,"end_time":1734962907933,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Right? Exactly, definitely."},{"start_time":1734962907933,"end_time":1734962924970,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, now someone in the morning call, maybe it was you said that we got. Someone got approval on firewall or acceptance. Maybe you can explain this corner. I couldn't understand it."},{"start_time":1734962924970,"end_time":1734962938017,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, it was either pinned me on Friday saying that he got an info from Sebastian to start CIDS part. No, no. Kunal, I spoke to Sagar some more."},{"start_time":1734962938017,"end_time":1734962966259,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"It was the discussion was that we were checking with GovCM in place of Ronaldo who can help. So I think Sebastian thought that we got an approval and we want someone to work on the interface. Okay. I told him that we've not got the approval, we are preparing for the next steps. So that once we get the approval, we are ready with the next steps so that Sagar can be available. So I spoke to Sagar and he's aligned.\n\n We've not received a poll separately."},{"start_time":1734962966259,"end_time":1734962975713,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Right, because I have also asked Sagar to provide the request number because that was the latest info which I was having on Friday."},{"start_time":1734962975713,"end_time":1734962986349,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, there was that little misalignment on Friday because of this, that Raul mentioned. But now we're all aligned, Sagar and the rest of the team also."},{"start_time":1734962986349,"end_time":1734963026059,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"OK, fair enough. You, Bastian, who's on the call. I mean, go SCM team. Once we have this, it will help us connect to the ERP. Now, in the meantime, whatever we're doing for the chemical, the MRO, and now the drilling data, is this helping us? So my question may be, in other words, we are active or we're just completely waiting for the integration. My guess is that we're basically not in super shape, but definitely we're benefiting from this time and keeping ourselves busy until we have the SDD and firewall.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734963026059,"end_time":1734963197129,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"For the unit testing we don't need the integrated data. With the data that Vignesh is sharing should be enough for us for now. When we get to SIT, that is a different story. Yeah, does this mean that in a way we stopped because we started getting the data, the number of days of delays is can be frozen at this point, whatever we had before, because tomorrow we have a weekly update. And maybe I'll check.\n\n I don't think we have Sebastian, but maybe Rocio, you you can align because at one point we stopped the delay or we counted 11 until yes, last week's circle 11 days for everything related to only firewall delays, SDDN firewall, not the 12 days of CIDS from SAP, so hence we had the 23 total days of delay. Is this still increasing or now that we have the data and we're working on it, it's as good as getting the integration, although as you said, Hector, it's not good enough for SIT, but can we say that we're controlling the delay at this point?\n\n At least for the unit testing, for integration, I should check if the times that we have are realistic or not. Yeah, I have the same. That's a very, very important point, Mo. But yeah, for the unit testing, yes, but it's also very important that we have still some sources, definitions that we have to do on the technical side and that we have to have some technical meetings with other And that meetings are being delayed because of this approval.\n\n So from that side, I mean, I don't want to say that we are not having a delay, because then at the middle of January, when we need to have, when we need to start the preparations for the SITE, then we are going to have that delay. Yeah, can we do something Rocio? Maybe you Sebastian and I can have with Tara can have a 30 minute call tomorrow, maybe around noon your time or plus or minus. I want us to be aligned before having the weekly update so that we can confirm the number of days or delay etc.\n\n Yes, perfect. Let's let's not use the time now, but at least in the meantime you can check with the team and Sebastian. I'm flexible, relatively, this 1 to 3 p.m. What's the call team tomorrow for technical? Who needs to be on it?"},{"start_time":1734963197129,"end_time":1734963199588,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Technical clarification and alignment."},{"start_time":1734963199588,"end_time":1734963222247,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I think, let's do the following, Rocio, you. Sorry, the technical clarification is for a specific slide. Yeah, any trending points. No, I think this is the ongoing one where we had Tuesday, Thursday calls. You know this one? Everyone is on it. Yeah, I call technical clarification."},{"start_time":1734963222247,"end_time":1734963222601,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734963222601,"end_time":1734963226497,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, I think we keep it for anything that is pending."},{"start_time":1734963226497,"end_time":1734963254807,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"We have the technical team. Anyway, we can have the call around noon, around 12 Rocio with you and Sebastian. If you want, book it after you check with Sebastian. It should be a quick one, just making sure by that time. The status update and we can confirm the number of days or see what we're doing. Say what we're doing in parallel just to minimize the impact. OK, OK, perfect."},{"start_time":1734963254807,"end_time":1734963323201,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I have a question regarding the regarding the approval of the BDP. So that's that's next. We are DVD. Yeah, uh, let more brief us. It's a bit of a update so maybe more can translate. Yeah so basically BPTs, all BPTs for wave 1 have been approved. Remaining is BRD. So initially we had them approved but then Asma mentioned that Morrigan, because Morrigan is signing on behalf of an approver. His name is Mohammed Matar, but he signed under the reviewer section, but Asma mentioned that he needs to sign under the authorizer.\n\n So there is an approver section or authorizer section. So it used to be that status used to be green, but then we changed it to yellow because Moroccan needs to sign in that section."},{"start_time":1734963323201,"end_time":1734963339968,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So it's more of a formality. More rather than it's a Review and check etc, right? Unless Morgan gets stuck on it, but logically it should be a quick one tomorrow Yeah, because he already approved it, right?"},{"start_time":1734963339968,"end_time":1734963352844,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So he just needs to approve at the right Place, let's say. Okay. Now the other question having that moment Will you proceed to the invoice to the second?"},{"start_time":1734963353379,"end_time":1734963371962,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"payment? We need to submit to the review board or the design board. And I think, who was on that call? Is Tara, sorry, Tara or Raul? I was there on the call. Yeah, so they need those emails."},{"start_time":1734963371962,"end_time":1734963391974,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"That's why I wanted to check more if you're traveling tomorrow or you're off. In addition to this slide, Raoul knows how to get all of these and on that log, all of those are already approved, right? So we have four out of five."},{"start_time":1734963391974,"end_time":1734963392754,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Approved, correct?"},{"start_time":1734963392754,"end_time":1734963393925,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, yes, correct."},{"start_time":1734963393925,"end_time":1734963532990,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"So if you can do the alignment with Raoul after we finish the call so that tomorrow morning we can double check. I saw the email, but we just now want to make sure it's done. You will not be. Yeah, definitely. You're traveling, so we need to check with Asma in this case. I hope we won't have to wait till the status update, but the idea is to finish before end of day to get this approved. Other than those, I'm assuming Raoul and Mo, if it's not by email, since we don't have all those emails, that log that you're referring to is good enough evidence for the design board the db so normally design board they asked for approver email we have one up two approver emails rest are on the document so I think it would be better if we can send attach everything on an email and send and this is approved based on I didn't get this we don't have those emails if we need to ask them again for emails this will take time so yeah so I was I'm recommending that we send the email saying that based upon this discussion, unless anyone feels otherwise, please give us feedback or all these documents are deemed approved based upon the signatures.\n\n We just send one to the design board. Design board, if you can't, we just load the signed document as a proof. That should work. I don't know because they, asked for approval or email, but the document itself is signed, so it should work. So let me try it. If not, then this is the other way around. Because I thought that log is enough. Now, if we're going back to email, many people are like, yes, it left already.\n\n He's on leave. We will not get anything. So technically, the document is signed, which means approved, which means it should be OK. But I don't know for sure. I need to submit it to design board. Document and if they come back to me saying that no no I need a parole email only then yeah we will have okay honestly I thought that this is already agreed now we're I hope we're not back to square"},{"start_time":1734963532990,"end_time":1734963572818,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"one we need to be cautious team with whatever is accepted or not so we don't make assumptions and then later on we get an issue let's see tomorrow at this point nothing we can do I hope it's not an email also let Let's make sure we have the same language internally. When we say approved, if you're expecting an email, Raoul, or if you mean it's a log MO, let's make sure we're speaking the same language, because at one point I wasn't making the differentiation.\n\n I didn't see emails, but I saw green here because of that logging, the signature log."},{"start_time":1734963572818,"end_time":1734963584548,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"So please provide, Raoul, with all this information. Wouldn't have. Yeah, I mean I got up with more again regarding the where where he needs to sign."},{"start_time":1734963584548,"end_time":1734963696394,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"Again, hand this over to Raoul and just he knows all those logs. Let's use them as a copy to design board along with Morgan's approval tomorrow. So based on it, let's see now what else Raoul on top of those approvals. For the design board. So we have approval from ISA, we have email approval from ISA, so that's done. Now the only thing left is the one point which Khushboo was following up with GoSCM team.\n\n No, but that's not needed for now Raul. We don't need it for the approval. Is it needed for the milestone approval? No, I'm talking about about the design board approval, right? Yes. So design board approval, we need three things. One, the BPD BRD approval, which we are seeing the status right now. Second, the SDD approval email from ISA. We have that. Has already approved over the email. Yes. And we have that email.\n\n The third thing is we need to put an estimate the, uh, ad hoc team. So, uh, there is one task pending with, uh, go ACM team where they need to have guys. I thought this is not needed for the design board review approval. I thought the two things are the review BRDB PD approved and ISIS email. I thought this estimate is needed later for during build UT and society. Priority, etc. No, no, it was we discussed, right?\n\n It was required for that based upon design board discussion only. Uh, uh, cause we had send that request to the same team."},{"start_time":1734963696394,"end_time":1734963738011,"speaker":{"name":"Mudit, Khushboo (UAE)"},"words":"OK, but guys, this is the issue. We're not listing the priority. Honestly, I don't know. It's just me. I'm. I cannot just be the only person highlighting priority, so this means kushboo whatever you posted you sent to. The go SCM team in terms of average or number of days or estimate, etc. Now is needed to get the approval. Please align with Tara. Tara added to the list, put it as critical. I mean, honestly guys, we we need to be and Tara, please, whatever you discussed with Hadi, make sure it's ready.\n\n As of tomorrow we need this list so that everyone would know what's critical or not."},{"start_time":1734963738011,"end_time":1734963743623,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, do you want me to Send a mail or something to the whole team with the list."},{"start_time":1734963743623,"end_time":1734963766684,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"No, once the list is ready, we'll use it during the calls and yes, they can have access to it. But no, we cannot just keep adding to it right, left and center. It has to be in a structured way so they can check with you or during the call we can add them. You can do this after to get more info, but I'm saying we need that list to be comprehensive. Right now I knew about it."},{"start_time":1734963768721,"end_time":1734963798078,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"Because I remember I asked this and the discussion was this is not critical for now. Isa and The BRDB PD approval is enough, so if it's not the case then. So. Bastion and go SCM team. That email was mainly about the effort we need from Adnok, right? Or what was it? Yes, definitely."},{"start_time":1734963798078,"end_time":1734963847739,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I know what are you talking about. Yeah, we had that last priority and on Friday we met to discuss that, but finally we were reviewing the plan and we didn't finish. So I can't prioritize this for today, but yeah, it's good to know. Is it clear? Is the request clear? I think it's mainly what do we need from AdNoc, that was my understanding. But the technical team from AdNoc. Yes, table of technical resources and when do we need them.\n\n Maybe we shouldn't waste all the team's time on it. Rocio, if you'd like also to add this to the discussion with Sebastian, maybe tomorrow we have an answer for this."},{"start_time":1734963847739,"end_time":1734963848090,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734963848090,"end_time":1734963871719,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Kushboo, I think when you sent, is Kushboo Yeah, I think when you send the email, let's also make sure either you or whomever is following up just to give a date for this or clarification. Because right now I think it wasn't given enough attention, so hence that list."},{"start_time":1734963875132,"end_time":1734963943957,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Okay, so this means... Okay, so plus... Okay, I think, Bassem, you got part of the answer. We need to close those. Anyway, Cesar asked me during the day, I told him as soon as we have those, we should be raising the invoice the earliest. So this automatically triggers an approval. And then Tara, I think when Hadi is back later in the week, or you can align with him, he's off tomorrow and the day after, you already know how the, or let's get ready for the milestone confirmation.\n\n I think from the change management team, the impact, the stakeholder assessment is done. So let's kick or check that milestone. We can discuss it should be some formality and then the invoice can be raised, correct? Yes, yes, that's correct."},{"start_time":1734963943957,"end_time":1734963956544,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, in today's call with Hardy, we already decided to include that also as one of the items to be tracked, so it's included in the tracker as well."},{"start_time":1734963956544,"end_time":1734964002048,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal1"},"words":"Yeah, he said wave sorry. Milestone 2 package, but let's see what's required. Now we know the prerequisite, but in terms of service now and raising the invoice. This way we can also inform all parties. So Raoul and Kunal on one side and GoSCM on the other. OK, so this is for the invoice. Last two topics we have the Wave 2 documents and the Maybe now, Kunal, you raised your hand. We can brief us and the last topic is progress on data overall, but specifically drilling based on today's call.\n\n Are we good? Or are we OK, etc?"},{"start_time":1734964002048,"end_time":1734964002461,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Kunal."},{"start_time":1734964002461,"end_time":1734964043258,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal1"},"words":"Yeah, sure, so for the BID and BPD for supply planning we are almost complete except time where Bashir is currently working on it. So to get the confirmation from Bashir and so I have sent an email in the morning to get the confirmation on technical review part from GoSCM side so that we can officially send a document to AdNoc as a draft document because we don't have a approval from the Fadi. So, Bashir, we need your input that when can we get your confirmation so that I can do the final review and then we can send it across to the AdNoc team for review.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734964043464,"end_time":1734964103455,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I was discussing this in the morning with Rahul that my question is if it is possible to separate the delivery of the supply BPD and tie-in because of course for tie-in we just got the information last week at the middle of the week so with still some work in terms of the tie-in so my proposal also is to add the tie-in part to the drilling part with drilling is finished as an appendix or as an addendum.\n\n I don't know how you want to call it, but basically state that yes, split. Of course, I don't know, 95% of the document is ready. The only missing part is tie-in, but again, as I said, we received the information just last week, so we need to spend some hours, a couple of days, working on the BPD from type in? Okay."},{"start_time":1734964103455,"end_time":1734964166027,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"So my understanding, honestly, that we're doing this, I can't remember, was it an email or on chat? I think it's an email where maybe you, Konali, you listed the documents. So we have one BRD and then four or five BPDs. Including tie-in okay so logically we should be able to separate and Rahul last time you sent those emails individually right yes I send emails individually but drilling and tying is part of the same process so since it's the same business line and drilling is like the major majority of the process tying kind of is a simple I don't see any issue there.\n\n Let's go ahead and send what the MRO, the chemical and drilling and then we can probably add a time to the drilling section separately or we can send a separate email for time."},{"start_time":1734964166027,"end_time":1734964183565,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So Kunal, was it you who sent the email? Yeah. So what can we send? Let me share my screen. So there is the BRD. Is this done? The BRD is almost done. So a couple of points which we need clarity but it's an ongoing part."},{"start_time":1734964183565,"end_time":1734964215834,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"We can also put up comment later on because we are going to send the draft version. Kunal, I need an answer regarding can we send yes or no because we discussed in the morning that we need to start sending to AdMoc where We cannot just keep pushing. Maybe this will help us also expedite because they will work a parallel on the online version, share comments. Right, so definitely. First photo document we can definitely send.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734964215834,"end_time":1734964298890,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Okay, so BPD for supply. Sorry, BPD for supply MRO, supply chemicals. Now, tie-in is for supply. What is this tie-in for demand? This got me confused. This tie is, I think we can maybe merge them and send them all together, supply and, but I can do that. Demand and supply for tie-in. But as I was mentioning, this one is delayed because we just received the information last week. Which one, the demand is delayed or the supply or both?\n\n No, the supply. Okay. I think demand requires some review from my part and then we can the lever at the one but maybe I don't know I What it I let you guys decide what what is better. Maybe it's better to just send entire Because we need to start counting days versus when we sent the documents that's why I'm a bit pushy to get something out because if we don't do this and If we later on say we're late with wave two approval, they'll say you didn't even send it So why are you blaming us for delays?\n\n No, I know part of it. You can send everything. I mean one two, three and four in six Yeah, six today."},{"start_time":1734964299520,"end_time":1734964312523,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"Can send you the confirmation of six today Does it make sense to send six separately or it's better it makes It's more meaningful when you send it with five That's what I was saying I think it's better"},{"start_time":1734964312523,"end_time":1734964314674,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"to send five and six together."},{"start_time":1734964314674,"end_time":1734964349804,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"OK, so let's prepare the emails and send those. And Kunal and Raul, maybe it's a bit late now, but at least if you cannot do this, can you do it in the morning before Adnox time, given the hour and a half difference? So whatever, just so that we have, they have it in their inbox. Now, if you want in the drilling to mention that in parallel, the email for drilling saying that we're adding an additional section for tie-in so they know that it's coming and they don't get stuck on it it will be"},{"start_time":1734964349804,"end_time":1734964406116,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"beneficial make sense yeah yeah sure yeah so only thing is if we if we are uh putting supply and demand together it's better to keep a separate document because the end user of trines are separate than drilling so rather than saying it's the section I'll simply say that we'll set tying documents separately. OK, but if you're sending them separately, Raul, why keep number 6 if it's almost done and just delay number 5 only?\n\n Yeah, that is also something we can do, yeah. If it's ready, I think Bastian said he needs to do a final check on this one. So yes, anyway, on on Teams you can confirm what's done or not, but it seems those four are ready. Bastian can confirm number six is okay, and then we can send the emails accordingly."},{"start_time":1734964406116,"end_time":1734964408264,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So one, two, four, and six."},{"start_time":1734964408264,"end_time":1734964408622,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1734964408622,"end_time":1734964413634,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Or one, two, four, and then we can send five and six together. Yes."},{"start_time":1734964413634,"end_time":1734964423299,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"So the only reason why I don't want to combine five with the drilling is because demand is a separate document. We already have drilling demand approved."},{"start_time":1734964423299,"end_time":1734964433629,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Okay, it's fine. That's fine. I'm not objecting. I just want to have clarity on which ones to be sent. So we're saying 1 to 4 and 6."},{"start_time":1734964433629,"end_time":1734964433996,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734964433996,"end_time":1734964442085,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Now, one point. That's what Rahul is saying. Let's send 1 to 4 and then we send 5 and 6 all together."},{"start_time":1734964442085,"end_time":1734964447232,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Rahul, do we have a common approver for 5 and 6 or separate approver?"},{"start_time":1734964447232,"end_time":1734964467459,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"See, from a manager perspective, the dealing manager is going to approve, which is Khalifa. 4, 5, 6 are the same approver. So let's conclude this 1, 2, 4 and 6 will send it because they are ready. 5 will send it once we get confirmation."},{"start_time":1734964467459,"end_time":1734964488594,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Because the reviewers the approvals are similar but the reviewers are different if I understood one because one is supplied. Anyway I'll let you decide the only we need to tag them as draft so we don't get into QPR issues. Is that done or you can do this Kunal?"},{"start_time":1734964488594,"end_time":1734964493555,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, we will take them as a draft and then transfer to the DocSharePoint."},{"start_time":1734964493555,"end_time":1734964555281,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"Even in the body of the email, Rahul has to say the same. So the name of the document inside as we also call it draft and in the email saying please find a draft for your review. Etcetera. Yeah, there should be no approval word in the email as well, right? Because previously we had asked them for review and approval and this time we'll only ask them to review, not approve. Yeah, we'll say please share your feedback as you've done for whatever on comments on the document.\n\n And I'll ask for feedback by Thursday, correct? If we're sending it tonight, is it, I mean, whether in the loop is two days, Tuesday, Wednesday is too much, too aggressive? Because Wednesday is Christmas holiday. So I'm not sure if that. Yeah, you're right. Okay. Yeah. So let's let's do this. Yes, let's give them till Thursday."},{"start_time":1734964555281,"end_time":1734964555787,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734964555787,"end_time":1734964567116,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"Now, we also need to later on book time with design board, right? No, we don't need to book time, we just need to send email."},{"start_time":1734964567116,"end_time":1734964569855,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"We just need to send an email."},{"start_time":1734964569855,"end_time":1734964637901,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"They've seen wave one documents, now they know what to expect? Yes, so they've seen, we've explained the project, so they know what to expect. It's clear, they just said that, just attach, no need to present again, just attach the approvals and send an email and we'll provide confirmation. Case Aisa's email and the email from kushboo to goscm are not needed anymore or they can be reused because they approved the whole project not only one wave right yeah so basically when I send an email again in the email body uh there is I need to attach the emails of approval plus the the ppt which was presented it did not had the ad-hoc effort so I need to add the ad-hoc effort and send the ppt again through email So that's where we need Koshibo's input.\n\n The email which Koshibo has asked Gosim to update, it would become part of the PPT attachment we'll send through email."},{"start_time":1734964637901,"end_time":1734964638680,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1734964638680,"end_time":1734964641795,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So this is done."},{"start_time":1734964644868,"end_time":1734964647650,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"data in a minute."},{"start_time":1734964647650,"end_time":1734964648346,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Nikita?"},{"start_time":1734964648346,"end_time":1734964666429,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)1"},"words":"Mohamed, I have a few things to ask the team. Are they burning Nikita? We need to follow the rule first to finish the burning topics."},{"start_time":1734964666429,"end_time":1734964744360,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"Burning topics. Okay. Burning topic is probably one. We were We're planning to have a meeting about users and key users. Are we still going to have it? Because for us it's burning. It's on the list. Yeah, it's waiting. A secondary priority or how should we, when should we expect it approximately? We said we need to together align Check who do we need to who needs to attend? So Yeah, do you want us to drive it or or waiting Until I don't know honestly that this is why I wanted that list because it seems for many things I would have to drive otherwise they we don't progress don't get me wrong team, but I'm a bit tired because there are certain things that they do not move unless I'm asking about that.\n\n Maybe I'll stop asking and use this Excel sheet so that everyone would check it and assign the priority."},{"start_time":1734964744360,"end_time":1734964750883,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"So for this one, Mo Fakhoury, when are you back?"},{"start_time":1734964750883,"end_time":1734964752188,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"January 6th."},{"start_time":1734964752188,"end_time":1734964754145,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"That's another problem."},{"start_time":1734964754145,"end_time":1734964754797,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"So."},{"start_time":1734964754797,"end_time":1734964807237,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"If it's urgent, I can The plan is we needed to do that call or discussion to understand who are the users, whether the trainers or the end users, etc. Now the problem for this also, Nikita, we need Khaled on that call. If we do it solo, I'm not sure if Asma would be able to give us that visibility or if she would just like assume everyone is a user. Sometimes I do not understand how they do. How do they make judgments?\n\n So do you think we can start that discussion with asthma and based on it decide on what's next? I don't know. Honestly, I wanted to get Khaled involved in it, but we ran out of time given all the other issues we got delayed."},{"start_time":1734964807237,"end_time":1734964847145,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I also have a couple of topics. I don't know if I can mention. Very quickly. No, let's then talk about the drilling data, because this is burning, then we'll see whatever else is burning. Let's just follow the original list. Drilling data, what we discussed Friday, Thursday, that we're progressing, and the call with Abdel Latif. So given today's call with Vignesh and the help, how is this going? Can we say that from data preparation perspective, especially drilling, because it's problematic.\n\n We're okay, maybe not super, but we're progressing."},{"start_time":1734964847145,"end_time":1734964848071,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes, definitely."},{"start_time":1734964848071,"end_time":1734964849923,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yes, we are progressing."},{"start_time":1734964849923,"end_time":1734964919996,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"We just need help from the information that we are saying, related to what I was mentioning at the beginning. We can't download the data, and I just asked about the virtual machine, and they told me that we don't have access to to the Office apps, so I don't know who can help me with that. Maybe Raúl? Raúl? Why don't you have access to Office apps? Office apps in the virtual machine. Yeah, yeah, I know.\n\n I don't know, but they don't work. So you can access the Office apps? Okay, maybe, Raúl, can we schedule 15 minutes after this to review it? Tara, can you help with this? Let's make sure we're efficient. Tara, can you help with this? Yeah, I can. I can share the details with Rocio on how to get the access. Thank you very much. Is this the last point that Saul was asking about and he couldn't access the file and Vignesh told him it's because of security rules?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734964919996,"end_time":1734964920364,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Exactly."},{"start_time":1734964920364,"end_time":1734964927035,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"How were we accessing the file? Is this the first time we needed to use this?"},{"start_time":1734964927035,"end_time":1734964941191,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"More every time you the minute you get the VDI access it will be without license so you have to have a separate request raised. Yeah that's my question so it was never accessed that VDI portal?"},{"start_time":1734964941191,"end_time":1734964955045,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"No because it's impossible to work there so basically I think that Vinny left some data there usually he sent by email and we work in our environments but now he left it on AdNoc SharePoint."},{"start_time":1734964955045,"end_time":1734965007670,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"So the volume of data is also high. Can Tara download them if she has access and then put them on our portal? I don't know if we're just working around the rules. That's sort of the issue indeed. But logically if he couldn't send them an email it means she might not be able to get them. Yeah that's a concern. Even we will not be able to send it by email. No, I'm not saying by email. I'm saying if we post them on GoSCM, KPMG, a joint portal, would that work or no?\n\n No, no. But for us to post there also, we need to first take the data out of our dark environment because GoSCM is... Yeah, it's outside of their environment. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So, previously all the drilling, MRO, chemicals, data that they sent and part of drilling, it was sent by email. Now we cannot?"},{"start_time":1734965007670,"end_time":1734965048312,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, probably because of the volume of data. Yeah. Yeah. OK, let's let's do it that way that way. I mean, if you can help us try to download like by now the information so we can start and by the time. No, but Even if we download it, we we need the person who would need to use the data to to have VDI and Microsoft license because That's where Tara can help but downloading it on your behalf will not work because you still cannot see the data She cannot copy it.\n\n She cannot move it."},{"start_time":1734965048312,"end_time":1734965050585,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"She cannot email it etc."},{"start_time":1734965050585,"end_time":1734965130588,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"If I understood properly Okay Okay, so that's for data so this is something I think with Vignesh tomorrow if we're stuck he can help us from that perspective now Back to Nikita's point, at least the burning one. This thing, Nikita, with the submission of award or whatever, it's fine. I'll talk to Firas, and then, as you said, we'll discuss it during the status update. But the key user discussion, let's brief the team why we need this, because I think everyone is interested.\n\n The whole idea is we needed to understand who would be the audience. So as you know, for the inventory part, it would be the inventory controller for the supply team. I don't know how many users. The idea is we wanted to identify and quantify who are the users and how many of them we have for each module. Now, based on the workshops that we've done and whomever will be using or not, do we have that understanding of who are those if we call them as such, or the beneficiaries or the users of the solution?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734965130588,"end_time":1734965185845,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"At a high level, yes, but the detail, no, because there's an open topic, which is the workflow roles and responsibilities. So basically, just to go in details in terms of workflow, approvals, and this will help us determine who will need to have access as an approver and who will need to have access, let's say, as someone who needs to be part as a requester. We know the teams that will be involved, but in detail, detailed how many users will be involved.\n\n No, we don't know. We don't have that information yet."},{"start_time":1734965185845,"end_time":1734965201744,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK, so. What can be done in this case? Who do we need to check with? How can we proceed? So what was our plan collectively to get this resolved? Just let me make it easier."},{"start_time":1734965201744,"end_time":1734965229436,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, the plan was during the build phase will have another session we did the session regarding workflow approvals, and we showed them what the system can do in terms of workflow. So now we mentioned in the BPDs that we need, we're going to have, I mean, we need to have another session to finalize that workflow."},{"start_time":1734965229444,"end_time":1734965229959,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"flow."},{"start_time":1734965229959,"end_time":1734965241799,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"And this will help Nikita and team in terms of knowing how many users we need. Okay, so that's what should be done."},{"start_time":1734965241799,"end_time":1734965252609,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"But based on it, did we agree on when this discussion will happen and who will own it? When would it?"},{"start_time":1734965252609,"end_time":1734965266809,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"We said it will be during So, I mean, process can take this, but we'll need the tech team to support us."},{"start_time":1734965266809,"end_time":1734965267467,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734965267467,"end_time":1734965277332,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Tara, the list that you're creating with Hadi, owners need to be names or teams."},{"start_time":1734965277332,"end_time":1734965517584,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"It cannot be ad hoc or project team. That's not acceptable. Or manageable. Going forward we need to check every person who he or she where they're progressing etc because basically this is going to bite us we're getting very busy soon and things will just start dropping. So if we're checking and we're using this list that we have if we go into SDD approval I know for example the main owner is Kunal though everyone is helping.\n\n It could be more or whatever. So owner needs to be a specific name. Now this one I think I asked Hadi to add it which is basically I think I called it identifying quantify number of users. Yes it's item number 27 on your list. Okay now question to Nikita because I would like to check the urgency or how soon this is going Okay, so actually question to the configuration team, let me call it as such, not technical or functional.\n\n If you remember, we highlighted through the document approval, we got the names of all the different reviewers and approver from headquarters and group companies. Raul, remind me, why did we also identify group company representative recently? What was the purpose? Because in the first workshop that we had, the inventory manager said that we'll need the confirmation from group company representative, we'll not be able to approve on our own.\n\n That's where we had to go back, create a list of approvers give them access from the group company so that inventory managers are comfortable approving based upon their feedback. Okay and we have this for drilling, sorry for demand, supply, inventory or at least the demand and inventory for now maybe supply next and for drilling, chemicals, marrow etc right? Yeah correct. The approvers are same irrespective of demand inventory.\n\n Yeah yeah because what I understand is group company. No no but just to make sure I'm asking or you're answering the right question. I'm referring to group companies reps. Is that correct? These are the key? Just a correction. These are group company reps but these are still inventory people who will eventually work in inventory shared service. These are not the end user community which they call end user which is the final user in case of maintenance or final user in case of chemicals.\n\n Okay, when you say final users, they need access also to IBP? Yes, they would need access to IBP because if they have to say review and approve demand. Let's take an example of chemicals. The operation team is providing the forecast. Today they are providing an Excel sheet, tomorrow they'll provide an IBP. If they're supposed to provide an IBP, they will need access to IBP. And this is the one we said they have them by plant maybe or location We don't completely understand how they are structured.\n\n Worst case scenarios, if they have it by planned and there are like quite some plans, so the number can exponentially increase. That's where we need to get some details with that, not that at what level. So how can we start? How can we start? Because I think the best thing is to discuss with Asma. We need to, since she is the business project manager, we need to take first her help to identify how the functioning happens in AdNoc at a business level.\n\n And then from there, take it forward to the respective AGCs on how we can close down per AGC."},{"start_time":1734965517584,"end_time":1734965599044,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"OK, so Asma might ask us, so let's say I'm AdNoc or the business, I would say. Tell me which activity you're referring to. That's why I thought we needed. More more Sheroes already. His time is up, right Yes, is there anything he needs to hand over or he's basically he's done No, he's done, but he said that he'll be able to support End of December if there's any Anything that requires this I think okay, so we need to have that discussion, and this is important also for the rest of the team, especially who's working on configuration.\n\n If we need to involve key users in the configuration and unit testing, Bastian, Hector, Vivek, everyone, we said we need this to reduce the resistance and give them some visibility. Now, what is the best way to start? Because the business might say, tell us what you want us to do on the system, and then we'll tell you who will do this. I'm a bit stuck here. How can we explain to them the role so they can give us the names?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734965599044,"end_time":1734965609810,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"So this is a very important topic for us, Mo, that now that the drilling plan is discarded, we need to retake. Sorry, now that the drilling plan is what?"},{"start_time":1734965609810,"end_time":1734965611246,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I didn't get you."},{"start_time":1734965611246,"end_time":1734965616939,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"The drilling alternative of the Goliath plan that they wanted to have and they discarded, right?"},{"start_time":1734965616939,"end_time":1734965618693,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, they dropped it, yes."},{"start_time":1734965618693,"end_time":1734965907141,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Yeah, now that we are going back into the original plan then we need to retake this MVP discussion because we need to configure something that is a minimum viable and for that we need to have a main responsible. That is our feeling today is that we don't have a main responsible, a main decision maker that is a shared responsibility and when there are many responsibles nobody's responsible. So we need to have a key user.\n\n I think that needs to be someone to understand very well what they are doing today and that is able to take decisions for everyone when we are talking about a minimum viable product. It needs to be someone that understands. It cannot be someone as high level as Asma that she doesn't have that knowledge, right? And it cannot be also the final user. It needs to be one key user that can consolidate the responsibilities, I think.\n\n Okay, I think we discussed this before, Hector, and we agreed that we cannot have just one person. We need to decide on a core team. Maybe not every single group company, but we cannot expect one person to answer on behalf of all group companies. Otherwise, it will not work. So, but the problem you're answering a different question from what I wanted us to start with the core team. So, what I have in mind is how many individual roles we have within IBP.\n\n Roles, not users, distinct roles. So a controller, a planner, an approver, et cetera. Maybe we'll start with this one because I think we need to help the client answer by us organizing our thoughts. Raul, I'm not sure if you want to answer or you have a different point, but let's start with this. Just one point, I'll not take more than a minute. Khalid has sent me a list of AGC, MRO specific, the maintenance specific focal points for AGC.\n\n On top of that, which are from inventory. OK, are they one per group company or this is a smaller group than 12 per for all group companies? I need to review the list, but it will not be more than one per group company. Yeah, but the idea is to reduce. Yeah. But the point is that see, so we have from from my we have four different user communities. One is the maintenance user community, second is the operations user community, third is the inventory user community, and fourth is the drilling user community.\n\n These are four user communities we have and the roles are distributed across these four. Can you repeat the four areas? Yeah, so we have maintenance, which is MRO. We have operations, which is chemicals. We have drillings, drilling which is the drilling and then the inventory planner which is the centralized function so inventory is the fourth computer these are four user communities who are who will be interacting in ibp with each other but why is it so we have maintenance chemicals drilling so these are three why do we have a fourth one which is only inventory those three are demand only yes so you will have input coming from three different user communities which creates demand and then inventory acts on that demand in inventory planning and supply plan.\n\n Then where is supply in this game? Inventory is responsible for supply. Okay so if we're talking about groups or communities these are the four now within those four how many roles you have for each Currently, the process has two roles each. One is the demand planner, and second is the demand approver on high level. If you look at our process flows, in each of them, we have created one demand planner and one demand approver.\n\n No, but that's demand. Is it the same terminology for supply and inventory? Yes. For inventory and supply, we have four roles because there is an inventory planner and there is an inventory controller. These are two different functions within inventory. So in inventory we have four roles. Four? Why? You just said the controller and planner. Controller and planner and their respective managers."},{"start_time":1734965907141,"end_time":1734965938228,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Sorry? You're talking at the same time. Can you repeat please? Basically their managers, so the inventory controllers manager as well as the planners manager so that's why it's four roles so inventory controller inventory manager and then inventory planner inventory planners manager so these are the four distinct roles that we're"},{"start_time":1734965938228,"end_time":1734965948271,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"proposing based on our processes yes not only our processes based upon how the the inventory team that's structured."},{"start_time":1734965948271,"end_time":1734965973834,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, but I mean we can tell them it's also part of what they're expecting is to tell them. Shall they keep this or they want to maybe reduce now that some things are automated? Do they need the same level of review and approval or they might cut down one role for example? So they needed because for turnaround it's a different team. The"},{"start_time":1734965974177,"end_time":1734965986323,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"So one role is more strategic, which looks at the strategic planning, which happens two, three years, and one role is more tactical, which is the inventory controller who takes care of day-in, day-out supply planning."},{"start_time":1734965986323,"end_time":1734966025792,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Okay, so I'm not sure Nikita is back, but at least to sum up, because honestly we need to be ready, even if we had that meeting, maybe we can, I'll tell you what should be done and then we'll agree to this. If we need to go go talk to Asma or Khalid or Firas or anyone. The first thing they will say, what are the different roles that you want us to identify the users for and the count, correct? Logical.\n\n Do we have those roles in the BPD where we can extract them or we need to create them? It's a small two-liner per role."},{"start_time":1734966025792,"end_time":1734966031609,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"All those roles are available in the BPD as well as the change impact assessment."},{"start_time":1734966032135,"end_time":1734966032518,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734966032518,"end_time":1734966075323,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So we have, and I mean, right now I counted two roles times three maintenance areas, so six roles, and then four for inventory and supply, 10. Now, second question, if I take those roles, will they say, okay, we understand, but can you show us on the system what they will do to confirm who's who? Or that definition will be enough for Asma and team to start mapping? Or to ask group companies to confirm the names?\n\n That's a very good and timely question, Mohamed. I think we need to have a clear understanding on what exactly they will be doing in the system."},{"start_time":1734966075323,"end_time":1734966075767,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734966075767,"end_time":1734966079323,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"I'm not sure if we have it described."},{"start_time":1734966079323,"end_time":1734966124204,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"That's why I said the description that we have in the BPD what, or it has also the flow, the steps, and I know that in the BPD we don't have screenshots, but I'm expecting either they will say, ah, okay, we know role one, role two, role three, let us give you the names, or can you please remind us on the system what they will do to get this, or even through BPD? So I'm just guessing now, team, because honestly...\n\n We have the activity list on the BPD demo, and there is the responsible by activity, so if they want that detail in order to decide we can provide. Yeah, but I mean like a quick, instead of the document, a quick preview on the system. Is that doable? Preview on the system?"},{"start_time":1734966124204,"end_time":1734966125333,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"No, not at all."},{"start_time":1734966125333,"end_time":1734966310530,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"We need to confirm first. We need to have the data. We are struggling with that. So until we don't have that, no. No, no, it's not the struggle, etc. I'm just saying they will say, look, we're ready to help. But remind us, you mentioned in the workshop something. What would this person do so that we can give you the count or confirm the names. Do you think Mo and Hector or the team that the description that we have in BPD is enough for them to take this and give us names?\n\n I hope so and if it is not enough I worry about that. Okay yeah I think I think that if we bring all the companies into discussion that is not a MVP and I think that is another good approach I would like to have it's not what I would like it's I think that if we bring all the people again because this is going to happen again that we are going to have too many responsibles we are not going to progress configuration is going to be more challenging than design for sure so I think that we need to have one main responsible for the model if we are thinking on MVP approach and then to go to the AGC level, we need to have one responsible or two responsible, but we don't need to have too many, because otherwise we are going to grow as slow as the slower one.\n\n Even Firas mentioned this, but the point is, let me translate it from my brain. The idea is you should expect that if you got a representative, he or she would know for example about onshore, he cannot answer on behalf of sour gas and distribution and whatever companies, right? So you want an MVP because it's a cut off the group companies, not someone who will talk about on behalf of all group companies, because that's not realistic.\n\n Am I right or you're expecting one person to talk on their behalf? That is what I'm expecting. On MVP when you mentioned this for me those are particularities that we can address later and we can configure later but I'm talking about an MVP that should be like the common denominator between all the companies. I guess that there are going to be differences but there is also need to be a big overlap on how we are going to do the process on MVP.\n\n It cannot be different models. It will not be different but also let's be Realistic guys you worked on different projects when you're talking about different companies Branches, I mean or different and those those are like different completely different companies No one person would know 12 business lines or different models There would be someone who knows for example about drilling so we can can answer on onshore offshore And also, I know so that is what sour gas for example.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734966310530,"end_time":1734966310936,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1734966310936,"end_time":1734966418351,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yes, so so for that drilling is a different track right so we have drilling and we need to consolidate some responsible then we know we have mro and we need to have some responsible then we have chemicals and we need to have one responsible I'm not saying one responsible for everything I'm separating by track and by track we need to reduce the the amount of people otherwise this is not going to work it's too many people uh they are going to miss the sessions there there is not going to be a clear responsible like right now.\n\n I don't feel them accountable, but by on what we are doing right now, no, that is my feeling. No, no, but Hector, we agreed on something. Highlighting what's not working is good, but we need to come up with solutions also. So we need to work. The solution is what I'm talking about. It's trying to have. Yeah, but also they need to be able to. If you go and tell them I need one super person who would know everything, they'll tell you we don't have this person.\n\n So we'll get stuck and go in circles. I think we need to propose an idea saying we need a Representative from one group company, but that has some visibility on others So that when we cover that MVP, it will be close to the rest. That's my my point Because I got a comment you Mohammed Yeah, I'm here because we've talked to a lot of focal points that were nominated by the Indian treaty team in the group companies, right?\n\n And it's really different from company to company. Some guys like Ashik saying, look, guys, I'm only for drilling. Don't even talk to me about MRO and chemicals. But some guys are saying, yes, we probably it would be possible for us to cover all three process variant domains. Yeah. Chemical, MRO and drilling. So it would be different."},{"start_time":1734966423378,"end_time":1734966439963,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"And I would say, why don't we start talking with Awadallah, Yasser, Khalifa, Asma, Ahmed, those team, that team. And then if needed, reconcile with the group companies. I think that for this conversation also, Avasti has to be here."},{"start_time":1734966439963,"end_time":1734966488191,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"So maybe, I don't know, what do you think, but maybe a way to approach this, and maybe this week is a good time to do it. Is that Unikita can show us the structure of the focal points of the, I mean, we have that information, but maybe we can have a special meeting to talk about that MVP and how will be the users involved on that according to the knowledge that you already have about the users and the way that they work together.\n\n I don't know. What do you think is the best way to approach this? But I think that we should start talking about this and define it."},{"start_time":1734966488191,"end_time":1734966544773,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, I think we need to start somewhere. Now, who would be the core team from our side to have this discussion? So because you're on leave, I think we can start. And then if we're stuck, we need to involve you. But let's play this scenario. If we open this discussion and we have Raoul plus definitely Nikita from or a representative from change management, and I think we need one from the Hector or Sebastian who were involved in the discussion, because basically the starting point would be, and here I'm playing the scenario, please correct it.\n\n We've identified six roles for demand, so two main two chemicals, two drilling. And then four rows for inventory. I think those rows for inventory are common to supply, right? So it's the same combination."},{"start_time":1734966544773,"end_time":1734966545168,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"True?"},{"start_time":1734966545168,"end_time":1734966626407,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"More or less. OK, so we will need to book time with Asma and the team saying we would like for the following. Have this like an Excel. I think you have this Nikita or it's almost there and say. This is rule number one, 2 for demand times 3 area 6 plus 4 10. These are the 10 roles and this is the brief description from BPD so we can have it ready in Excel. And just like Raoul when you created the for reviewing that zoom in table for group companies reps.\n\n On behalf of or not on behalf because they wanted the input from the group companies, we'll do the same. We'll tell them, look, we cannot have for each of those 10 roles a rep from every group company at the beginning. We need a smaller team, maybe one or two. Let's be realistic. One might not be possible. Two should be okay. Does that sound like a starting point for us to get the ball rolling and then check how clear they are, et cetera?\n\n That's my first question. Raul, your hand is raised. I'm not sure if it's from before or you have something new."},{"start_time":1734966626407,"end_time":1734966657261,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"I have something new while I agree to your proposal. There are there is an additional role which SAP IBP is proposing, which is not there in AdLog today. It's not directly impacting the process, but we are introducing a role of process champion. So when we are discussing this at we may not need this, but if we are discussing with, say, Asma and others, we also should also include the process champion role as part of the discussion.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734966657261,"end_time":1734966669125,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK, so we have 11. We have 10 that might involve group companies and one that is. A champion process champion at the group company levels. At sorry, the headquarter level."},{"start_time":1734966669125,"end_time":1734966669508,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Right?"},{"start_time":1734966669508,"end_time":1734966684583,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Yeah, so the process champion can be one or three depending on how AdNoc wants to split it because there can be one process champion for MRO, one for chemicals and one for drilling if they want to have it or"},{"start_time":1734966684583,"end_time":1734966741273,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"we can explain the role and the decision would be up to AdNoc to decide how many process champion they want to have. Team sharing now our draft analysis of the roles. So the only thing that is confusing are these only demand roles or this is a No, it's a mix. It's a demand but demand is the biggest problem because in entry and supplies it's much Easier, but the team just said for demand you have to for chemicals to for drilling to for maintenance.\n\n Why do you have more? So operations in blue is chemicals drilling drilling time in MRO and in entry controller that the first The first two, you should rename them to MRO. The first two, you should rename them to MRO, because they're not demand."},{"start_time":1734966741273,"end_time":1734966742781,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Everything is demand."},{"start_time":1734966742781,"end_time":1734966745295,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"Right? Yeah. Operations, meaning chemicals."},{"start_time":1734966745295,"end_time":1734966764351,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"So when we say demand manager, demand requester, we are referring to MRO. Because you see in the chemical, it's operations, right? For drilling, we also have drilling planner, drilling manager, but they. Yes, yes, so that was my point."},{"start_time":1734966764351,"end_time":1734966785748,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"The beginning you call it Amaro manager, Amaro requester, not demand because this will be confusing Nikita. All of them are demand so you can replace the word demand at the beginning by Amaro for both manager and requester. Later on if you want to add a prefix or. Post Yeah."},{"start_time":1734966785748,"end_time":1734966813427,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"And it was also called planner and manager, not requester so that it is consistent across everyone. Everywhere we have a planner who plans the demand and everywhere there is a manager who approves the demand. You can call it demand planner, MRO demand planner. This one requester, yeah? Yeah, in place of requester."},{"start_time":1734966814760,"end_time":1734966815347,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734966815347,"end_time":1734966819458,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Shouldn't the tie-in be part of drilling?"},{"start_time":1734966819458,"end_time":1734966824745,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"I think there are different teams. Yeah, different teams."},{"start_time":1734966824745,"end_time":1734966837666,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"It should be. So technically it's part of planning or drilling as a business line, but there are different sets of planners."},{"start_time":1734966837666,"end_time":1734966840015,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Are we missing turnaround?"},{"start_time":1734966840015,"end_time":1734966842952,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Turnaround would be the inventory."},{"start_time":1734966843181,"end_time":1734966871280,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"This is not demand roles anymore because it has inventory in it, right?"},{"start_time":1734966871510,"end_time":1734966874377,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So this is becoming like the full list?"},{"start_time":1734966874377,"end_time":1734966876886,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Yeah, this is becoming the full list."},{"start_time":1734966876886,"end_time":1734966908250,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK team, I don't know if you need me to create this list, but the starting point is we need to book time with Asma and her team. I'm not sure who's on leave from her team or not. Telling them so this list that you have Nikita, is it similar Raul to what you created before for the document approval to a certain extent? But you had how many group companies reps you had for each document of the BRDs, BPDs?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734966908250,"end_time":1734966963088,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Yeah, so it was similar. We had in the columns the documents and then for each document per process we had identified AGCs reps. So like drilling had only three reps because it's only onshore, offshore and sour gas. Had more reps, 12 reps. Yeah should we have a session on wednesday for this tomorrow is complicated because we already have many things but sorry sorry yeah sorry wednesday is christmas right yeah you'll be working on christmas I should I should but I'm working but if you are working let's have on uh let's have on thursday and we can have maybe uh one hour together and then Morgan join and we can show what we have.\n\n"},{"start_time":1734966963088,"end_time":1734967040150,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Yeah, I think we need to have our rows, our docs in a row, just make sure we're clear in terms of what we need to ask. As we get those answers or have this meeting, we can tell them, look, here we want a smaller group because whether we call it MVP or at the beginning, we want to manage this better. So yes, The only thing that got me confused is I listed six roles for maintenance, the chemicals and drilling, so under demand, four for inventory and one process owner.\n\n However, tie-in got added here. Someone was asking about turnaround, which for me is under maintenance, so it's part of it. So I hope we don't have, like we end up with 20 roles instead of 10, 11 or 12, but let's see. Now, Before Mo goes on a leave, and sorry Mo, if there's something urgent the team might ping you, you can agree if it's on WhatsApp or how, is there anything that we do not know since both Shiroz and Mo, or Mo maybe if Shiroz is not on leave he can cover for you if you're away?\n\n"},{"start_time":1734967040150,"end_time":1734967054167,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"So yeah, he mentioned that I think Shadows is back. Beginning of the end of the end of December. But yeah, if if you guys need me, just WhatsApp me."},{"start_time":1734967054167,"end_time":1734967096169,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK, so on Thursday is more needed team for the session on Thursday. Or is it clear? I think between the rest of us we all know the BPD, BRD, Kunal and Yeah, OK, if there is something we can ping him. And we also don't forget we have the session on the 27th with Kenan for like an ABC of drilling. It's good to attend this just so that if you have any questions, especially. Thursday session is with asthma is what we're saying.\n\n No, I think Hector and I think I agree with you need to have it internal. OK, Thursday session isn't."},{"start_time":1734967096169,"end_time":1734967096905,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I don't."},{"start_time":1734967096905,"end_time":1734967132959,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I don't need to join or we can do can join at the beginning at the end of the summary but the idea is to have those roles ready so it's more us organizing ourselves saying okay these are the distinct roles but we know for if each of them will take 12 people it doesn't make sense but to help us we'll tell them that's the definition and this is how many we have like it's an aggregation of whatever we have in BPD and in some other places Makes sense?\n\n And then based on it, we'll build the line. Yeah."},{"start_time":1734967132959,"end_time":1734967146936,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"So let me plan this session then. Thursday, what time UAE time? 12 PM UAE time is fine for everyone? Or can I get a recommendation of time for Thursday?"},{"start_time":1734967146936,"end_time":1734967149265,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I'll set up the invite."},{"start_time":1734967149265,"end_time":1734967151595,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"12 is OK for us."},{"start_time":1734967151595,"end_time":1734967153924,"speaker":{"name":"Campbell, Kyle (UAE)"},"words":"For me, 12 is OK."},{"start_time":1734967153924,"end_time":1734967154856,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},"words":"It's OK."},{"start_time":1734967155314,"end_time":1734967170791,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"So we have one hour before the other session, the next session. Yeah, because at one hour we have the technical session, right? Yeah, yeah. So 12 is fine, then I'll send an invite for Thursday 12 in the afternoon."},{"start_time":1734967170791,"end_time":1734967218299,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"And Friday is the ABC of this. Now, I think some of us dropped for Friday session, Hector and GoSCM team, can you check with Bastian or whomever is working on the data? It might not be Bastian. If there is anything in the Excel we got from them, like the one what we were showing a couple of days back, the September sheet, that we need some additional explanation of how is this linked to drilling industry, please bring those questions to Friday session so Kenan can help us.\n\n He will definitely give us an orientation more if I'm not mistaken, but ideally if we're stuck with something, something isn't clear, even So this concept of completion code, what is it called? Completion code, yeah."},{"start_time":1734967218299,"end_time":1734967218748,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1734967218748,"end_time":1734967225491,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"If we need more info or a more decent definition, let's benefit from this time."},{"start_time":1734967225491,"end_time":1734967246772,"speaker":{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},"words":"Raoul? Yeah, and just to add to that, maybe if you have some questions, maybe if you can send it to him in advance so that, yeah, he can back to you. If it's not in the session, yeah, if you can send it in advance, so it's easier."},{"start_time":1734967246772,"end_time":1734967282290,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"I think whomever is working on the data or questions in general, if there is something, please send them. Tara, can you consolidate this from the team? Let's aim maybe tomorrow. I mean, let's not send them Friday morning and the session is midday. Let's just try to, if whomever is off on Wednesday, if you you can share your questions tomorrow or max Monday before noon. Sorry, Thursday before noon.\n\n Just to give Kenan some time to, he might not need to create content, but just to be ready. Okay?"},{"start_time":1734967282290,"end_time":1734967282696,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1734967282696,"end_time":1734967328514,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"So Tara, you can check with the team. Okay. I think this is important because it's related to many things, including who will be involved with us and not only end user for Nikita, and the team for training, but it's also for involvement in MVP, et cetera. Okay. Anything else burning? I know we need to pick our topics, and some of those are actually really burning. So anything else for now? I know Bastian dropped.\n\n He wanted to share a couple of things. I'm not sure Rocio, if you want to check with them."},{"start_time":1734967328514,"end_time":1734967341205,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I know which one is he referring. So, we wanted to unblock the technical sessions as well, but we can discuss it later. First we have the STD approval."},{"start_time":1734967341205,"end_time":1734967345144,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"Unblock the technical? You mean getting the firewall approval?"},{"start_time":1734967345144,"end_time":1734967365333,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"No, no, no. So, we feel a little stuck because we have all the STD and the firewall but I think that we should start pushing some sessions to close some definitions that we have open, that we can do right now, and we"},{"start_time":1734967365333,"end_time":1734967373378,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"don't need to wait for the CD and all of that. Who do you need this from"},{"start_time":1734967373378,"end_time":1734967380950,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Hector, who do you need this from The technical team, Bignesh, and maybe some business users."},{"start_time":1734967380950,"end_time":1734967401371,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Okay. Technical sessions, right? The two sessions. Those are more related to open points. It's not related to mapping. That is what we need to do. So we are going through an open point as well as mapping. So that's why I think we can put a set up the agenda for this meeting. The intention is that to have those recurring meeting and use them for technical discussion as well."},{"start_time":1734967401371,"end_time":1734967450957,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"All pending points. Yeah, yeah. So I think your suggestion, if that's your point, Raul and Hector, let's do this. Tomorrow, the session at 1 p.m. Time. Let's raise the points. If you don't have enough audience or attendees, by Thursday they can bring the respective owners or as you notice some of them they can call them on the spot and get them on the call. Fair enough? Hector, is that what you're referring to?\n\n Yes, we can use that. Let's use that and then let's see how it works. Exactly, that's the purpose. Of those sessions. That's why it's every other day. So Tuesday, Thursday. OK, good. Uh, fair, let's let's stay in touch. Will will talk some team."},{"start_time":1734967450957,"end_time":1734967453070,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you. Thank you."},{"start_time":1734967453070,"end_time":1734967460470,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Thank you. Thanks everyone. Yeah. I think the shall we use the same bridge?"},{"start_time":1734967460470,"end_time":1734967465226,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Yeah, we can continue on this call as well."},{"start_time":1734967465931,"end_time":1734967466919,"speaker":{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"},"words":"OK, OK."},{"start_time":1734967466919,"end_time":1734967473843,"speaker":{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},"words":"Or we can move to a different call. OK, OK, OK. Call me directly."}],"speakers":[{"name":"Sheth, Kunal1"},{"name":"Fakhouri, Mohamad"},{"name":"Mudit, Khushboo (UAE)"},{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)1"},{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},{"name":"Campbell, Kyle (UAE)"},{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"Patel, Rahul1"},{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},{"name":"Patel, Rahul"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},{"name":"Naamani, Mohamad"}]}