Patel, Rahul:
Sagar let me check once again. Kunal are we not turning that call? Sorry? Are we like, I did not invite Rahul. So can you request Sagar and make sure that if there is any call you are invited so that you do not have to check. Let us make sure either you or me join this conversation so that we are also aware from a PMO perspective how to fix that.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I mean, this is important Kunal, so we need to try and stay on top of it. I agree with Rahul, let's try and be part of those conversations, right? Because otherwise we won't know how the call went.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, and let's make sure we're communicating everyone that both of us should be in the call so that we can prioritize and push things around from a PMO perspective to Align priority of the things.

Rocio Minguillon:
OK, I asked to join so he's here. You provide us with the update and also we can ask him to to forward the meeting to. Yes, sorry, yes. Hi, can you repeat another point?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sagar, SDD, where are we?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Sagar, this is with reference to the call which you have with SAP ECS and Kaisers team.

Sagar Vora:
Yeah, so I think they are still waiting for the certificate to be signed because I checked with, earlier it was planned like the call will be at 6 p.m. So I checked with So he said like the certificate is not signed yet. And he don't have any idea. So I'm checking with Kaiser like by when we can expect the signed certificate so that we can proceed with the steps.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Who is responsible for that certificate to be signed?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Kaiser is taking care.

Sagar Vora:
I think they have requested some like, I'm not sure, but from AdNoc they have requested to sign the certificate.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, so we don't know who the entity is, right? The answer to this is we don't know.

Patel, Rahul:
Hadi, I had a word with Khalid before he left. So the certificate would be provided by internal Adnok team. And apparently, the person who was responsible for providing certificate, he was not responding. Khalid was trying to follow up with him. So that's the last status. But Khalid is on to it. And this is Adnok internal certificate. Certificate would be created by AdNoc, provided by AdNoc and will be uploaded on KPN.



Roumanos, Hadi:
We know that if we leave it to AdNoc, it's going to happen somewhere between March and April. Okay, so let's stay on top of this with Khaled. So let's remind him tomorrow morning to chase. If he needs us to go and speak to whoever needs to sign that certificate tomorrow, we can do that. Please don't let anything hanging with AdNoc and say it's on AdNoc, right? Otherwise, if they take two it's not in our hands and we end up paying the price for it.

 So this needs to be followed up on every single day, however you do it, emails, calls, it doesn't matter.

Sagar Vora:
We have a common group, so every day twice we like ask Kaiser for the update, but I think they are still... We got some certificate, but they said like this will not work, so today they again requested some new certificate which requires Please share an email with whoever you need CCing myself, Naamani and Khaled saying based upon our discussion blah

Roumanos, Hadi:
blah just so that we have traceability that we are chasing every single day and if we end up getting delayed at least we have that traceability that we put every effort to try and push this okay don't let things happen without emails Okay.

Bastian Osorio:
One more request here.

Patel, Rahul:
Sagar, can you add me and Kunal into that group? And one request would be, if there are any meeting with AdNob, please send us an invite as well. If you receive an invite and if you see, we are not a part of that call.

Sagar Vora:
Yeah, I think Kunal is also part of the group, but even I'm not getting invite. They are directly adding me into the call. But yeah, like I will let them know if you and Kunal...

Patel, Rahul:
if not me, at least Kunal should be part of those calls so that I understand you will be busy with a lot of different things so that internally communications between us, between P&O can be managed by Kunal.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And if anything needs to be escalated then Kunal would be there for you to support the escalation. Yes. Sounds good.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Datasets, Rahul, any progress?

Patel, Rahul:
This is drilling data.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, so we have only. Yeah, I don't is is leading this. I just wanted to see who has an update.

Patel, Rahul:
You can put my name because I'm having this conversation to summarize based upon our Fridays after hurdle conversation on the request for change. So this was discussed with Khalifa Abdul Latif and Mama Dasik today. And we've explained them. The concern, the context, the issue, and we've aligned with them that we will focus on the demand in integration with the EWTP tool, which means the discussion we had Friday internally is now aligned with that now, and Khalifa the Dealing Manager is in line with that conversation.

 That's one thing. Also, now that we have aligned, the next step is to essentially understand what is the EWDP requirement, what EWDP tool has to offer, and what data we can extract with EWDP tool, which means our original discussion on drilling data where we were focusing on defining demand in IBP is no more relevant. But I don't want to take this away unless we confirm on the new process with ATNOG in return.

 So for me to do that, am waiting for today I had a word with Khalid tomorrow I'll get information on more information of EWDP tool the stakeholders of EWDP tool so that we can connect with them get all the inputs related to EWDP tool and then connect with the ad-hoc offshore stakeholders to confirm this so that between next two three days we will try to close this point and then confirm that the new process what we have discussed in line is aligned with that now so right now the point is not from defining data to defining process.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, fine. All right, so I would leave this with you, it's on track, but let's get updates as often as you can, just to try and close it this week.

Patel, Rahul:
Yes, I'll make sure that this takes the priority and we are able to close this definition at least on the process on what we requested with that.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, cool. Thank you. I saw your email on the use cases for the testing, so I'm guessing this is closed now?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, exactly.

Rocio Minguillon:
I don't know, maybe Rambool will review it, but we're okay.

Patel, Rahul:
We've discussed internally between me, Mo Fakhouri and Khusboo, we are reviewing it and we'll get back to you if there any feedback, Rocio?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure, sure.

Rocio Minguillon:
And also the team these days is making some changes and specifications about some things, but it's done, I mean. OK, fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
At least it's something that I don't want to worry about on this call. If there's any updates, then you can do this. Yes, sure.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
End users.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Do we have any visibility? And I don't know if Kyle is with us, Nikita. Names list number of end-users do we expect to make progress on this this week we'll try to make progress but we are definitely facing some obstacles what's your plan next steps in order to identify who they are The next

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
immediate step is... Sorry, Nikita, you're cutting off. Hello? Excuse me.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
So the next immediate step is to meet with Asma and Tarek tomorrow at SKC2 and see how it goes. Because it's also for us, it's also linked to the awareness session, right? And we still haven't even identified a few focal points. And given the business kind of pushes us back saying you guys first do the focal points and then through them we'll be identifying end users, I mean, we're even two steps away.

 It's unusual that the business is saying you guys identify the end users I mean, it's really weird, right?

Roumanos, Hadi:
We're not even supposed to know who they are, they're supposed to know who they are, so...

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
They're supposed to know who they are. Because they should be knowing as this process, right? They should be knowing the people they currently get their forecast from, right?

Roumanos, Hadi:
So, who was this question?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, my question is who's gonna be of next week meetings. Which next meetings?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
You mean the unit tests? That's right.

Madhavan, Tara:
I had sent the list of users today.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. OK.

Bastian Osorio:
So we do have confirmation for unit testing who are going to be there. The participants and okay, cool.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yes, there is confirmation and there's the invites that Tarek sent.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Can we make one little exercise of reconciliation between what we have and what you guys have? Bishar, could you just name me one example where we are missing focal points?

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Yes, so we're missing actually from Buruj for Amaru. Tarek said he's been struggling to to get into contact with them and identify the points.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Okay, so to run this test, Tara, do we have people from Bourouj for MRO on your end, or you're also missing them? I got the list of key users from Kyle, so if it is missing in her list...

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Ah, I see. Okay, okay, okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
It's coming back to us.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, I'm stopping.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I guess, let us know conversation goes with Asma. I'd hate to be in a position when we get to those tests and we don't have the right people. So a few things. My suggestion is to get a confirmation from Asma at least that the list that Kyle has, that Tara has shared as part of invites is the right list. Let's get that confirmation by email. I don't want to be in a position next week where we're starting those sessions and Asma tells us you're missing 25 people or something.

 So unless we have that confirmation, then we're at risk. So my suggestion is, if you're meeting with her tomorrow, at least get that confirmation, ideally by email.

Madhavan, Tara:
Today I spoke to Khalid about this, and Khalid had asked me to mail the list of key users to a few people. I was planning to do that tomorrow, but if the OCM team will send it, that's fine too. I'll share the list of people that Khalid suggested to them.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Go ahead, Bishr. My point is we need their validation, right? We can't just go on our own and say, hey, these are the people.

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Go ahead, Bishar. Yeah, exactly. So, sorry, I just have a question because as far as I'm aware, at least the key users that are invited to the unit testing are not the same as focal points we're using to identify end users. So I'm aware those are the people that attended the workshops that will be attending the testing.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So is that correct? To tell us.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't know.

Madhavan, Tara:
Fisher, do you want to get on a call with me and discuss?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Madhavan, Tara:
But still that doesn't solve the question of end users.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So there's two actions here. One is to validate the people that will be in the sessions in the next And two is to try and close on the end user list, which I know it might take a bit of time, but at least let's try and keep pushing on that front. OK. Fine. Thank you. And also, we have the dates for Wave 1, Wave 2. We have the dates for both Wave 1 and Wave 2 FSD and TSB. I just expect some sort of how well are we doing in those documents.

 We progress, right? Because wave one and wave two are not too far off, right? One is barely a week away and the other one is maybe, what, 10 days away. So just, you know, thumbs up, thumbs down as we progress in the next week would be good. Perfect. Okay. Buruj ERP. Kunal, I know that there's an update today. Should we finalize this?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, actually, Rinaldo is able to access the Brute system.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so this is closed as far as we're concerned, correct?

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, yeah. Okay, fine. Sorry, we still don't have the development key, but I think that we will have that as soon as they approve the FSD, no? Am I right? I mean, because Rinaldo has the access now, but he can't access with the development key. I mean, he's not able to make changes. The AdNoc one, he is able, but in Sandbox. But in Borussia, we can't do it. I think we don't have Sandbox.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Do we have clarity on what is needed to get that access for Rinaldo? Exactly, exactly.

Rocio Minguillon:
That's what I was asking. I mean, I understand that we need the FSD approved, but please let, please Kunal Rahul confirm because I want to be sure about that.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let me keep this open because it still qualifies as ERP access. However, this needs to be a follow-up post FSD approval for edit rights and let's keep it open.

Sheth, Kunal:
Development rules are missing Hadi, so Vijay is working on it.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, sorry Rahul, you were saying something? Yeah, so this is not related to FSD or anything.

Patel, Rahul:
We just need to work with the basis team to get necessary access and Renaldo has already escalated that email, which means we'll follow up to make sure that the necessary access are required. This is nothing to do with FSD.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, fine. Okay fine, so do we know who to speak to? Yes, we know who to speak to and we are speaking with them.

Patel, Rahul:
We will follow up again tomorrow to make sure this gets closed on Friday. Okay fine.

Rocio Minguillon:
So they will provide the access no matter the FSD Rahul?

Patel, Rahul:
Yes, they will provide the access no matter the FSD. Now what access we are getting is still for the sandbox of Buruj. Today we had called with the security expert from AdNoc explaining the requirement for overall project security. So they've defined a person who will help us with the access to development and yeah that's a separate thing. So we are still talking about access to sandbox for Purush.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's make sure that we're still on top of this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fine, okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
In the highs, the ID completion for wave 2, this is closed right? Or are we still missing a signature? This is closed. Okay. Demand process changes for MRO. This is something that we're chasing. Has that communication been shared with AdNoc? I recall this is the action from last week.

Patel, Rahul:
So Moh, do we have the session planned with AdNoc? Moh or... I'm on row two. We have an action here that we identified the end of last week.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Demand process changes for the MRO team. We had as a next step to share a communication with AdNoc about this, right? And we said there was a meeting with Asma on Monday to close this.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Oh, it's not ours. Sorry, guys. It's not ours. It's not changed. So two things.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
There's the awareness session we discussed that we were going to invite Asma and the Hadal, ADNOC, and that's why I was added in the morning one, but then it got cancelled. Yeah. Because there was, what happened last week was that Awadallah was, we we gave him the awareness session deck for his review, and then he gave us some feedback, and he asked us to, some of the feedbacks are major changes that we discussed that we're not gonna do all those major changes.

 So we're just gonna do that, whatever we can do in order to have the awareness session for this week. And then the second action item is that they're going to invite Asma to align with her on what's happening.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, so there's the awareness session which we had. And the next item is?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So there's two documents that we need to do. The awareness session deck, there's the demand process changes for MRO, and this is the communication, I guess, a deck that's going to be sent to the VP. And then there's the last one, which is the individual awareness session, which is similar to the demand process changes for MRO, but will be for all the categories. So drilling. I need this. I need dates.

 So awareness session midweek, at least tentative.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Awareness session, the plan was to do it this week. We wanted to do this tomorrow, but the invite, they haven't been sent. So most likely it will be, let's say Thursday.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay. And the document, for the demand process changes, when is this going to get finalized and sent to the AP?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So the document is ready, we just need to go over it with Asma and just have a review.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, is that review scheduled or not yet?

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
This should be scheduled, I think Bishar you mentioned that you'll talk to Asma tomorrow regarding Is this correct?

Daboul, Bisher (UAE):
Yeah, I'll speak with her tomorrow and try to schedule it on the same day.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Fakhoury, it might be worthwhile to be in that discussion with Asmar. I have a feeling some things will get forgotten otherwise.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I have one question. Tell me if I'll wait till the end. Maybe you covered it. It's logistics and travel next week, given that it might not be worth it to travel because of the logistic challenges. So let me know in the order of importance.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's address this at the end, Hamad.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I don't want to... But it's important because we don't want people to start booking tickets, etc., and then end up not coming. Do you want to cover it now? Let me ask the question quickly. So next week, based on Khaled's input, it might not be possible to have every in the same room. That's number one. Number two, even if they are in the same room, I think you're expecting, and this is a question to the technical team, you're expecting that they will have actual laptops or desktops with the add-on and or, I mean, IBP ready on it, available, so on and so forth.

 So it's worth it for them to try in that room as opposed to them working on their own machine. Is that correct? In terms of expectation from on-site visit?

Rocio Minguillon:
That was the ideal scenario. But as we saw last week, it's not the most probable. So we were also thinking on a demonstration, like without them doing the stuff in the computer.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK. So at this point, given that laptops and ready and not their own machine. Laptops in the room, like a training room, this is not going to happen that quickly. All of them will be in the same room. At least for now, I don't think traveling will make any difference. Now, this is a lesson learned to us for the SIT, UAT, or any activity we need to be engaged with them, because basically, most of them don't have laptops.

 And given the dependency that we need them to touch the system, which means their own machine, et cetera, then we need to get this ready ASAP. I think I'll close so that Hadi goes back to his list. Based on what I have at this point, we shouldn't travel next week. Maybe we'll decide if the one after makes sense or not, or all of this happens remotely. Let's not dwell over it now, but unless anyone disagrees, that is the decision.

 Depending, we can talk tomorrow during the day, basically understand better the limitations. And then if there is any change, update the decision tomorrow. Otherwise, we'll stick to remote. Any objections? Any disagreement? It's not like we do not believe in the value, but neither their presence nor the technical readiness is there. So it's not going to be feasible. That's it, Hadi.

Rocio Minguillon:
If anyone has any objection. Because we are thinking on having ongoing no matter the availability of the laptops.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Guys, with all due respect, we need to save the money for travel so when we need it. If you're here, you're more than welcome. But other than Khalid, Asma, Firas, a couple of people that usually are always with us, the rest, either because they're in different group companies and sometimes they'll join on because they want to save time of traveling. And if we push them to come to the same room, half of them will, like in the previous workshops, half of them will not.

 But the point is, if they're not going to use the system themselves, then what is the value of us being in the same room? Again, if you like, since I planted the seed, finish your list. And Bastian, I can stay a bit after, at least with you, if you'd like to discuss it, and with whomever is interested. This way we don't waste everyone's time. So back to you Hadi, finish the list and then maybe you and I and Bastian can...



Roumanos, Hadi:
In the interest of time, let's cover the most important ones and then we'll stop so that we don't always drag beyond our dedicated time for this call. Tara, session four, day in the life of For the training material, is this happening anytime soon?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Uh, we agreed to merge this day in the life.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yes, no, no, no.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'm not sorry you're cutting off. I'm not.

Madhavan, Tara:
File is away which one was the point? What is the line item?

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'm talking about developed training material, right? So this starting with a day in the life of we had agreed to schedule had a meeting today morning, right? So yeah, how much sorry we can't hear you.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So we're proceeding so we can merge this with the I'm saying merge it with training content development.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Fine, let me let me close this and then.

Rocio Minguillon:
And the priority is Yeah, that's fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, okay.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Excuse me, may I ask a question? Develop training material starting with a day in the life of Do you mean it's going to be a part of the training material structure for the key user training and end user training or that's a separate event?

Roumanos, Hadi:
What do you mean? It's part of, go ahead.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, sorry, apologies.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, guys, let's, to make your life easier, this is a concept we came with earlier. We thought that we will start preparing training material earlier, and we thought let's start with something called a day in the life of So what are the different sequence of things I do as an end user? Now that we didn't do this, we'll just merge it with training content, which is Ignite, the term day in the life, whatever training content we're developing, it could be all the different scripts, executing them, and then showing that in a video using the system and with supporting documents on the process, so on and so forth.

 So again, that's why I merge it with training content in the interest of simplicity. Okay? I hope that's a yes. Yeah, so it's cancelled. It's merged with the content, there's nothing different, it's training content.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, but the line item is cancelled, but the actual day in the life of is a part of the training material, to answer your question. Sorry, Rostro, you had something?

Rocio Minguillon:
No, no, no, perfect.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
AdNoc user involvement in Build-SITU80, that's part of the training approach that you're Excuse me, excuse me, Hadi.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Then, Rocio, following our conversation in the morning, when you would be developing the material structure during this week, please just include the day in the life as a section probably in PPT.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, I don't think it's a section, but it's a way of structuring the content, actually, because we will think about the...

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's correct. It will inform the structure. Perfect. Best way people will link to it.

Roumanos, Hadi:
What do I do on a daily basis or on a weekly or monthly, simply that was the idea behind it. Next item is the approach, the three slides that you were putting together Nikita, when can we look at it with Mohammed?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
It's postponed till tomorrow. Okay. Oh wait a second, which line is that?

Roumanos, Hadi:
So it's a line that we need to merge but essentially that's approach, right? But why is it saying build-sit-uat? So, okay, so in any approach you're creating a plan of their involvement of the key users, right? So who gets involved in build-sit-uat? How do they get involved? So it's not the training content, it's the training approach. And the training approach is the document that you're working on so that we know what to do when and who to involve and how.



Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Yes, but it has nothing to do with build-sit-uat.

Roumanos, Hadi:
But then how do you know who do you want to involve in the SIT sort of activity? How do you know who do you want to involve?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Excuse me, Hadi, but we're not managing SIT, right? Or do we? Because I have no idea about it. I thought it would be a testing manager who would be managing all of these activities related to testing. Because we are thinking of changing from train the trainer to the full scope training delivery.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So this is our focus.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, let me back up a bit. We shouldn't count on AdNoc to manage the training. That's why we are here. And same thing, so there's two aspects to this, right? There's how do we conduct the trainings? And there's what's the content for the trainings. How do we conduct the trainings is us, it's not them. They won't come to tell you this is when SIT is going to happen, this is who is going to be involved in SIT, and this is sort of the different steps that we're going to be doing in SIT.

 They're not going to do this, we are.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Why are we coming to testing talking about training?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, I get what you're trying to say. Fine, don't think of it as training, but think of it as the approach of involvement of people. Okay, for both training and these events. You're right, I get the confusion. And let's not have it as training. So the idea was to merge the two, just because we have one approach for involvement, essentially. From a logistics perspective. Okay, so the note here says PMO support for the scheduling and logistics and this covers two aspects.

 It covers their involvement in these events and it covers their involvement in training.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, so I get the confusion you're thinking of it as training. It's not training, right? It's involvement as a whole.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, fine.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
But who is managing testing activities overall? We should be.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Oh, you mean PMO?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, I mean, yes, as scheduling, as making sure things happen, making sure people are invited, that's PMO, obviously.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Like developing the list of test scripts, right?

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, no, no. Developing the list of test scripts. Okay, there's a difference.

Patel, Rahul:
Sorry, let me answer this.

Roumanos, Hadi:
There's a difference between the content itself and supporting and making things happen. Will support in scheduling and making sure that the right people are invited and making sure that the logistics like the rooms like the tools etc are available. That's what PMO will do. GoSCM will work on the content itself. Change management will be helping us figure out who to put in that room. That's the simplest way I can put this together.

 Okay and that applies for the trainings, that applies for this SIT, that applies for the UA.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
it is. I see. Let me slip with this again. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Any, any disagreement on definitions? Let's take this offline, please.

Naamani, Mohamad:
As we discussed, let's take this offline, please. Yeah.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Let's talk. I mean, one to one Friday. That's fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's fine. Okay. Excel. I don't any updates on this.

Madhavan, Tara:
All of this is still chasing approvals as far as I know.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Rahul, do you know anything? I mean, they requested data from Kunal on Friday. Kunal filled it up.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Unit testing invites, that's closed, right, Tarik?

Madhavan, Tara:
For next week, I've sent out all the invites, but for the week after that, there are still more invites to be sent.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Who needs to be muted? Someone needs to be muted. Fine, so let me track that I sent next week. How many weeks do you still have to send? There are only two weeks of testing.

Madhavan, Tara:
First week is sent. So you need to send for second week, right? Second week, yeah, it started, but I've not completed yet.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Fine, fine, fine. So I'll keep it open until you tell me that all are done. The calendar for all the events and the logistics, that's you and Rocio. I'll not ask you today, I'll ask you tomorrow, but that's the due date, right? So we need a calendar that we can stick on a wall that says these are the events and that's when they're happening. Yeah, don't forget about this one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know that we're swamped, I'll just voice over it.



Patel, Rahul:
So, Raoul, any additional stakeholders from drilling? This section will get merged with the data. So the last one, EWDP system. Let me tomorrow align with Tara and update these points to the correct action based on today's descriptions. Okay, fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We spoke about it, so that's also something that you'll update as well? Yes. Okay, fine. I'm not going to cover the lower priority items because if need be, I'll escalate as needed. Right now, we don't need to Bastian, if you want to stay behind to talk about the logistics for next week, let's do that one.

Bastian Osorio:
Kamad, anyone else can drop.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Rocio, can you stay here as well, please?

Bastian Osorio:
Sara, I'd ask you to stay as well. So my first question would be uh I mean I haven't seen that we send that we send the invitations so uh not talking we we sent the invitations yeah yeah I will forward if you don't have them but you're having the same problem that muhammad has because you couldn't see them either no yes you are yeah okay you know I can see them now It's just that I have the one for 10 a.m., but I don't have the one for the afternoon.

 I do have it. There are hypotechnical clarification lines. I saw them now. They all start with design, so two on Tuesday, two on Wednesday, two on Thursday.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I think the main point of discussion is, do you get here or no? And spend the money if you're not going to be able to sit in a room with full of people?

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's the key question here. Okay, if I want to address this budget-wise, we've already from travel, specifically Basti, you and team, we've consumed 25% of the travel budget. Not to mention that we need to keep a buffer, also now with the change request that we're trying to get some money back from ADNOC and it's not going straightforward. You can ask Sebastian, he'll explain further. But the idea is, not to cut corners when there is benefit in it.

 So that's the case. Let's imagine you came, you and Hector, if I'm not mistaken. You're in that same room that we have in SK EC2. Other than Khaled, Raoul, maybe Mo, and our team, and Asma, everyone else that you're trying to engage, or most of them, are online. And whomever is in the room, because they need to set up, this room is not set up as a training room. So they don't have laptops ready for them to test the system or play with the system themselves, which my understanding is the two reasons you wanted to be on site is to talk more to the users face to face, which definitely makes a difference.

 And then as if we're doing more of an interactive session, go to user X or Y, he or she, and tell them on their laptop because they have everything ready, try this or try that. The part about, let's say, if not all of them, a good part, like in the workshops, will not be on site because of logistics delays. They have a job, so they say, why do I need to be present? Now, can we push to have them there?

 Yes, but I think it's a bit late. We should have pushed for this earlier. And if we push for them to be in the room, the The problem is getting those machines for them ready because not all of them have laptops or most of them have desktops. So they need to come and they need to have a machine, multiple machines to work on like in a training room, which isn't ready. So in a way, you're losing the two benefits.

 Interactions, not all of them are there. And if they are there, they are actually going to see you working on the system because have enough laptops to do this. I hope that the idea is clear, but tell me what you think.

Bastian Osorio:
I mean, I agree with what you're saying, but my question will be, what is the alternative? At this point, the alternative is...

Naamani, Mohamad:
When are we going to start interacting with the users? When are they going to start interacting with the... Yes, I agree. That's why I said part of this is lesson learned. So we talked about engaging with them even starting December, but we collectively, I'm not going to blame anyone because that's because we're all busy or even trying to catch up. We thought that the moment we'll tell them come and you need to be ready with a training room, this will happen.

 That's not possible. So now we learned it. The alternative is for us to try to do a Through us going, like Rocio mentioned, she said, we will do a demo. We will show them actually, not on their laptop or on their own system, through the teams on sharing screen, how each step will happen. Now, you might tell me this is not good enough. I understand, but we are where we are. I think we all need to take into consideration or put into, let's say, when we prepare for something now that we have SIT, UAT and UT.

 We need Antara, this is what we mean by three, four weeks in advance, try to envisage what is needed in next week or the one after and check is it ready or not because booking room is a nightmare. Having machines, if you notice how many people came to the room except Khaled and maybe someone else with a laptop, no they all leave their stuff in their offices. So preparing for that is something we basically dropped off, we were not ready for.

 We cannot afford another delay. So saying let's start UT in another week, I think the best case scenario, let's start next week remotely, see what we can get the max out of it. And maybe Tara from now, get from Rocio and the team and understanding what is needed.

Bastian Osorio:
My concern here is more general now, because I understand that this is absolutely understanding. Of course, what you're saying is absolutely reasonable. And if they're not going to be there, if they don't have a machine, there's no point to have those sessions and spend the money. We better save it in another location.

Naamani, Mohamad:
You're concerned about what's next?

Bastian Osorio:
My point is then we also we are not getting too many definitions from them, we're not getting the users, so then when are we gonna start having their input, their collaboration to make this project successful? Then we can do the project on our own basically without the users.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes and no.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So you're right and that's why I'm saying if this didn't succeed for next week we need to start from now planning let's say call it UT part 2 or SIT. So you're right this interaction is a must. Now we came short of planning it properly. Let's if you wanted to have machines, you know it about that simple thing with add-ons, the Excel add-on. We've been struggling with it just to have it an approved application on the landscape, because no machine will have this add-on until it's accepted, right?

 So it's a risk that we're managing now, but to mitigate it, to answer your question, so I mean, OK, it's not not happening next week, it makes sense. Then when do we talk to them? I think from now we need to say to recover from next week's, let's say, not so big of a success. That's what we need to have. We need to have a room ready with multiple machines with the following thing that we need to, we can push for people to come physically, but you cannot tell them this with such a short notice.

 I mean even before last week I was asking about the scheduled calendar. We sent it I think on Friday.

Bastian Osorio:
No, I shared the schedule many weeks ago.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, all the schedule and identification of users, the combination which is needed for the invites, was available and we sent it Friday. Because you have the calendar, right? But having the right people, to your point, I mean, they're not telling us who should be there and at the same time everyone wants to see the system. It's like a vicious cycle. But again, we can talk about this for hours. The idea is this is our situation, but how can we recover so that after next week we are in a better shape?

 Maybe we travel a week after. So what I need from you is maybe Tara and Rocio. So list all the things that we need to make sure with exceptions. So we're saying we need users to be in one location with, if we have 10 people, we need 10 machines with the following installed or not. So let's make sure the logistics preparation is very clear, which I think I know 50% of it now, but maybe let's be on the safe side so that also we'll check with Adnox.

 So if we tell them, for example, look, we need you to push all the users to come, all the key users, to come, this focus group to come on site. They say, okay, they'll come. And they don't have a machine ready because this is technically not possible or it needs more time. Then they will come and you'll not benefit. So my point is let's, if now we're not traveling next week, let's make sure we know exactly what AdMob should prepare for us.

 So when we push, because the last thing you want, you invite someone and they came and and they would say, why do you want me here in person?

Bastian Osorio:
I'm not even touching the system. I understand. In fact, I'm thinking what is the purpose of having all these sessions if the user won't be able to be hands on with the team on site?

Rocio Minguillon:
The only positive thing about this is that they will feel that pressure of, OK, we have to do this, we have to start But working with the system, I mean, this is like, okay, the real project is starting. So I think that on site or remote or whatever, we need to have that sessions. And if no one connects, okay, then that will be an issue to raise. But the sessions... No, no, no.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Look, Rocio, sorry to cut you off. Rocio, Bastian, everyone. An option not to connect. We'll be keep pushing this week with asthma so that people attend. But the point is, like Bastian is asking, if they're attending remotely instead of in person, but they are not able to use the system on their side. Yes, this is true. The option is delay this activity until they have this on the system, which means we're delaying the whole project plan again.

 Or Try to maximize the benefit of those sessions or minimize the failure in a way. Maybe that's the view of it.

Bastian Osorio:
My question is what are we going to do? We had six sessions. I mean, for me, there is no value adding me or Hector or Saul or Vivek sharing their screen and showing the system. I mean, that can add some value, but not for for six sessions.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, but I think the six sessions is because of different topics, no? I mean, drilling versus chemicals. There is nothing we can show now in drilling.

Bastian Osorio:
There's nothing we can show in drilling. No, but I've seen you now move to something completely different.

Naamani, Mohamad:
If this, even if you're in person, if there is nothing for drilling, it means that session is not valid anymore. I'm differentiating between between you being on site and them having machines versus you working remotely. Let's compare those now. Yes, but there is no sessions for streaming, so let's not focus on that.

Bastian Osorio:
The initial purpose of having two-week sessions was users interacting with the system and us, of course, showcasing the solution, but then, there are a brief introduction, they doing the step-by-step and us guiding them, solving doubts. That's why we have so many session. If we're gonna, I understand that for these limitations, we're gonna change that, understandable, but then we don't, we cannot have two week sessions, just me or whoever is sharing, just sharing screen.



Naamani, Mohamad:
It's not gonna be, um productive what is what is the alternative in this case if uh but I'm here I'm improvising so if we have to think about something no no yeah I'm thinking also out loud so uh khalid has a laptop tara has a laptop I have one raul hadi etc is it possible to use this or to give them Or even, so the problem is not that they are not laptops. They don't have enough laptops. They can bring a few or we can give them ours.

 The problem is those laptops being connected to IBP and having the Excel add-on for them to start seeing the system live. Is that correct?

1Rocio Minguillon:
Not to mention that giving them mock user or temp. But in your computers, you don't have the add-in. The problems that they have to install it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, so see, this could be one option. So let's go back to that checklist of things. If I'm an end user, Bastian, and I'm attending the first session, you'll give me an intro. Then what is the plan? How do you want me to be engaged in the discussion? You'll give me a list of scripts to try on the system, and you'll support me are executed properly, right?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, select a few materials, run a job, review the data, open different template, opening different planning views. One of them is sharing the screen.

Rocio Minguillon:
So, for example, one of the users sharing the screen and so all are doing the step-by-step at the same time by the guidance of the consultant.

Naamani, Mohamad:
If I need to do this, what is required technically? A laptop with what installed on it? What type of connectivity? Is it a URL that I access and then add on?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, the Excel add-in for IVP, a user, and a user with the right business role, which is something that we can do. They need to have the user creating an IVP, something we cannot do. Heizer was the one doing that, but I believe because we have hundreds of users in ADP now, so I believe he did that for, I don't know, for who, but for plenty of people. We need to assign some business users and then the Excel add-in, and that's it.



Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, but the Excel add-in is still to be approved. It's not available, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Exactly.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So you're saying definitely, create users which Kaiser can help with and then for those users using their machine they can log in and they have already the Excel add-on installed and they can use it and you can guide them through some scripts they can start checking it or as Rocio said they can even share with their screen with their colleagues whomever is in the room just to tell them what they're doing so on and so forth so that's an example for so creating all all those users, we need to do this ASAP, because this is something we need to do.



Rocio Minguillon:
We don't need a Kaiser. No, we don't need Kaiser, because they are already created, and the ones that are not created, we can create it. And we don't need AdMob support to activate them, because the AdMob email is enough. So, that is not... I mean, we already reviewed this with Para. I know because we already reviewed it. Yeah, as long as you have tested this, I'm fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
The second is the Excel add-on. Are you saying that it worked on Tara's laptop?

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, we didn't try it on Tara's laptop, but if you as KPMG don't have restrictions on the installation, that will work.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We actually do.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's the...

Naamani, Mohamad:
But Rahul has, no? To approve their own. That's the idea.

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, yeah, it shouldn't be that complicated. And we can, I mean, you can, that I can ask.

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, guys, Adnok and KPMG or any company with corporate data, it is complicated. You cannot install anything and you cannot just even send or receive information. It's the reality.

Rocio Minguillon:
But what is the step by step? Rahul has, like, or not. The IVP installed or not?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, so let me suggest the following. Can we try on Raoul or Tara's machine to set it up as if she or he is a user that will be with us during the UT? Like do a dry run of what will happen as if they are a user with all the steps just to see if it's enough to use a couple of laptops, and then we'll decide. We'll say for next week, we can do this, and we'll be in the room, we'll help in having those two, three laptops.

 It becomes just like you have two or three stations. People will come and try their own, which is not ideal, but this is instead of them doing nothing, as you said, Bastian, and you're just showing them on the screen. This will also help us figure out how to be ready for SIT which is across, I mean, this is around the corner. It's not like we have months, we have a few weeks.

Bastian Osorio:
Sorry to interrupt. But if they're in the room using your laptop, in that case we can be there.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah, here I'm not arguing if you travel or not. I'm saying would this be possible? Because I want to make sure now seeing is believing. I need to see, OK, Laptop or Raul as KPMG laptops. Are they able to connect and do everything that you're referring to? Given that there is always a security even our so I don't have an admin password for my laptop because this is an KPMG property they limited to Basically what I can do or what I cannot do if I need to install Acrobat I need ID support acrobat PDF acrobat.

 Yeah, so let's tomorrow try and to make sure that Hadi's machine, my machine, et cetera, let's just try one to make sure we can do all the activities you want.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry? Perfect.

Rocio Minguillon:
No, right now I am looking for the procedure and I will ask Tara to follow it and see if she comes on.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And again, don't get me wrong, this is what we need to be ready ahead of time. So we ask Tara, because look, let's face it, last few weeks were crazy because of the changes, chasing people for approval, I think we lost track of something very important in terms of logistics. And in reality, it's important. Now we're learning. Anyway, UT was not supposed to be originally on site. So even on the plan, no one noticed that we're not preparing for it, as opposed to SIT or UAT.

 Now we are where we are. Let's try to minimize the damage. So we do not cancel the sessions. We'll see. As you said, Bastian, you'll travel. Or if the first week we will have two laptops but by second week we'll have more then let's we can we can travel later first week could be sort of your driving and then next week would be they are in the driving seat something like this again I'm improvising I'm trying to find the best compromise but I think as a lesson learned all of those things look Adnok is a country not a company from budget from bureaucracy from processes, from complexity, and you could think of the money, I mean, like any company, the revenue they manage, you'd understand why it's so complicated.

 I'm not saying you didn't do this for other companies, but this is different. So let's try to work around those things, because it has its own bureaucracy, so that we also do not end up with some delays like this. How? I think Hadi, for example, suggested to Tara, we need always to be three or four weeks ahead of the game. We were doing this. We were preparing for workshops like way before. But for UT, because it was our quick measure to involve users, I think we were a bit late, and we need to recover now.



Rocio Minguillon:
Fair enough at this point? So yes, quick question, Mo. So should I start asking Valdivia about the price of cancelling the booking? No, no.

Naamani, Mohamad:
My suggestion at this point, if you book the hotel, let's keep it at least. We'll decide tomorrow. If tomorrow we can run the test, we'll make a decision together. We'll say, okay, does it make sense to travel next week, or cut the trip short and travel only the week after, or travel the week after for a longer time? At least let us know based on result because if we will have three, four, five laptops, maybe Hadi will kill me.

 He'll tell me I cannot just give my laptop to anyone in the meantime. I need to check if I don't need to kill me. Yeah, I know. Thank you. So you, I think you got my point. The idea is if we, if one machine worked and we have 10 people because the core users are not hundreds. I mean, those are core not end users who are with us with the UT. Let's say we have a focal group of five or 10. If we don't have 10 machines, but we have four or five, then that's fine.

 That could be managed. Then we'll make a decision. Do you agree, Rocio or Basian?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Hadi, if you have an objection.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yes. No, I think this is a good plan.

Bastian Osorio:
Basian, okay as a salvage option?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, fair. Let's see where we stand. Rocio, feel free. Reach out to Tara. Just let Tara know in the morning.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, it's fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We'll reach out to her to try her machine. We have Kushboo's machine. Maybe Raoul will try to see if it works. At least if we have one of those work, then we'll see how we can have more of them or how many. I have Kyle, etc. If we can replicate this, it will help.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Can I ask you, Mohamed, to stay behind just for a second? 30 seconds.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Any other point? Thank you.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, no.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thank you. Thank you.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bye!

