UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hi, everyone. Hello.

Roumanos, Hadi:
He says that you're supposed to. Sebastian is. The rest of the question team joining, do you know?

Sebastian Alba:
Let me ask at least last year. Yeah, just so that we can have.

Roumanos, Hadi:
them when we start.

Roumanos, Hadi:
But in the meantime, so that we don't waste everybody's time, Kyle, the main takeaways, I'm assuming we have Kyle. Yeah. The main takeaways from the earlier session today, besides the fact that we need to reconvene again on Monday, can you please help summarize?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You mean in this call?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Well, I haven't gone through all the notes. The plan was to clean up this workbook that we got where we have all the comments. That's fine but I mean at least the key things so I just want to make sure that there aren't any issues or any yeah impressions that you got from that meeting.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Too many people to train, too many groups, some issues in mapping, we have gaps in terms of some roles where we have no allocation. So at the 30,000 foot view, and then we'll discuss based on that.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, I think overall, I think we getting the information at a high level. Um, so in terms of actually identifying the end users, we will have to probably have further discussions with business once the sheet is done. Um, in terms of the levels of the roles where they sit as well as the numbers, I think we making good progress on that. There are a few other changes which we will need to confirm or discuss so things like such as they said that an endorser role would have to be introduced who will do the final approval on the demand planning so that would need to be discussed internally amongst ourselves but overall I mean what we'll also need to do Kyle is try and estimate the effort as Mohammed mentioned earlier in the day.

 I don't know where that was mentioned. But these sessions should help us know the extent of the headache, right? So the number of end users, the effort that we need to go through. Again, so any first impressions that we get as to the size of the effort would be good, just so that we can manage our timeline accordingly and manage them accordingly as well. Should we split? Should we not split? Et cetera.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Let me ask a couple of questions. Yeah, let me ask a couple of questions to make I mean, we all had in mind a certain number of users, limited number of users, et cetera. Not in your case, Kyle, but that's why also Sebastian, if Bastian is joining, because he was on the other call, at least he was, I remember he was talking, maybe also other team members. We had Raoul, we had Kyle, we had Mo, maybe also, I mean, the rest of the team that I'm remembering, because on my phone, I remember who was talking.

 So Raoul, Mo, and Bastian. Since we don't have Bastian yet, Raoul and Mo, based on what you've heard, do we have a large, like a very ridiculous number of people that we cannot manage? Or given that when it comes to demand, inventory is limited because it's a shared service unit, it's a smaller team, etc. For demand, if it's a large number, is there something alarming to many of them? Or it's actually, even if we have so many, it's only a few activities they need to do on the system, so it's not going to take forever for training.

 So this is what I was asking about. Plus, if we have major gaps, like we do have roles we agreed to, and they're struggling to find someone, they'll say, we never did this, so we don't know who will assume the role. But let's start with the first one because it will be a logistic challenge for us if we have two men. Mo and Raoul, whomever would like to volunteer. And definitely anyone else that has input, including Kyle, but first thing first.

 I hope you heard me. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, yeah. So there are two things to this, Mo. One is whether we'll continue with this existing process in terms of demand, or the proposal from Hector to change the role of the demand planning, where the data, based on data, we may say that we don't need such an extensive demand planning the way we have put it into the process map. So there are two things. So there is the subjectivities, how much change is expected into the process based on the data evaluation, which we'll get to know probably Monday or Tuesday next week.

 That's one perspective to it. If that change is important. To make sure I understood this point, when you're saying changing this, that's what we discussed last time. And we said, let's not introduce any change, even if it's related to the data, because we want want to manage their basically reactions. So we will go with the original one. No, no, sorry, I will just let me finish the thought. So in that case, we are sticking to what we're proposing and possibly there might be a change in the role given the nature of the data or what data they have.

 Is that correct? Correct, correct. OK, so the reason we need to be cautious with this also is. We shouldn't rely on that change being a reality until we explain it to AdNoc and say, our original recommended process was as such, but there are missing things, the nature of what you have or the data is this. Either we change it because this is the reality of AdNoc, or we agree on how we can still stick to this best practice or leading practice, but what does it mean?

 You got my point? So let's commit to or continue on our original plan, which is the best practice and the roles are looking for. Sorry, go ahead. Yeah, yeah, so that's that's where. So since we were evaluating the internal effort, that's why I mentioned this point about upcoming change. What is anticipated? Because if that upcoming change if anticipated comes into picture, the efforts will reduce substantially.

 That was my point. Let's let's let's plan for the worst. That's my point.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
From a worse perspective. Now, if we look at department level, AGC to AGC, the number of departments will vary substantially, is what we've heard. But then we will have a lot of people to work with, at least on the MRO side. Chemicals and drilling looks to be much more in control. But MRO, FEMA.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Can you give a range, Rahul, please? Lot is 20 to 30. 100 to 200. So just to get a grasp.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
We don't have that number. Tariq said that he'll be able to share us a high level AGC wise number of departments. But he just shared like for one AGC, there are like 24 or 30 departments. That was just one AGC. So if you have 12 AGC, depending on size of AGC, the number of departments may vary. And if we are looking for say 100 or 200 departments, then we have 200 maintenance Is it only one per department?



Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, one per department is what he said.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
So we don't have that. Inventory alone for MRO has like 40 plus. No, no, no. Be careful. Inventory.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I heard Asma what she replied, etc. But the shared service unit is, I think the top is 15 or 20 people. So we need to check. Are they required? Referring to all existing people or the new role where they will be part of a shared service unit. But fair enough, I think we need to get to this clarity ASAP so we understand what we dealing with, right? Yes, so while the number looks to be high, but we don't have exact clarity.

 What is that high number? Is it more than 200? It is less than 200. We don't have that clarity. Yeah, now the reason we brought this up immediately. So Tara Hadi and I were discussing because it might be, and Sebastian, please, you need to relay this to the team, we might be surprised, ah, we were expecting less, train the trainer was supposed to be the approach, but as you know, ad hoc are saying, look, we cannot even, I mean, best case scenario, you might have one person per group company, but across group companies, we will not have one trainer, it will be multiple.

 So it might be more efficient just to train the end users. Now, Sebastian, you were not part of this discussion. Khaled came to Kyle and me, we discussed it, and also when you and actually Cesar and Bastian discussed the training strategy, I mentioned it might change a bit. Now, regardless of the count, I think what we need to start preparing, and that's why between Khushboo, if I'm saying Khushboo will be the custodian of training, let's say, material.

 Our plan would be, how can we develop material that is specific to the different roles, which would make it easier for us to give the training? So if those 200 people you're referring to, and I'm saying an example, all their contribution in the whole process is two activities, which means if we train them, it's not going to be three hours of training. There are certain things that they need to know when it comes to them.

 They check their assigned activity, they'll do this, etc. Maybe I'm oversimplifying it, but the idea is given that it's like a two or three dimensional matrix of end users, we need to be smart in how we come up with the material that they need, especially since they use or they have licenses for enable now, SAP enable now, which means we also have a platform that is ready. It will If you're recording a demo, it will be immediately recorded and posted.

 If you have some PowerPoint word, so we have the venue that will help us. We just need to figure out what is the content tailored per role, per function, business line, drilling, etc. I'll stop here. Is this making sense? We're not trying to boil the ocean, but we also need to be cautious because this will stay with us the moment we start doing unit test, as IT. So we need to be ready for it.

Sebastian Alba:
Any thoughts, objections? From the content perspective we're aligned, Mo. We always prepare the trainings, separating a basic usage of the tool and then an advanced functional training per role. So that is going to be how it's going to be approached. So in that line we're It's always difficult to conduct training when there's too many people.

Naamani, Mohamad:
It's the delivery you're concerned about, which is why it's so important.

Sebastian Alba:
Yeah, we need to review it. Having the numbers would be great, even if there are multiple end users. I guess they could reduce it or define a subset of power user between them.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yes, and yeah, let's be realistic. Even if they have a large number of users, there would be a smaller number working with us on UAT, the user acceptance testing. Not everyone under the sun is involved. It's basically whomever had reviewed BRD BPD will be with us in unit test and maybe in some site testing. So definitely there will be a smaller group. So this automatically becomes those or go-to persons or champions, so on and so forth.

 But the material would be given, and that training, it could be an online training, I mean teams, to all of those users. However, as we progress, don't forget we have five or six months of hypercare. During that time, between having the material available on EnableNow, and us supporting them, because the hypercare would be either to fine tune any parameters we have in the system, and based on the data and what's happening on the ground.

 But it also could be related to user adoption, so on and so forth. Then automatically, whomever will be involved out of those 200 versus who is only basically a number on our Excel sheet, but they will not use the system, they will be automatically filtered. Because today, I think when you ask them, they'll say all of these, we have 1.4 million MRO item, so definitely we have a large number of users.

 We progress, this audience might get smaller, and we will have the training material and we have enough resources depending on the stage just to cater to. I think we're aligned. The earlier we start with this, the better. This way we can even test that material, if not in UT, in SIT slash UAT, et cetera. That's the idea.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK. Unless there are any other points on this or concern, yeah, let's continue till we have the final point. I just want to add here.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure.

Patel, Rahul:
Regarding the change process what we're talking about. Sebastian are we have Hector because Hector mentioned there is an issue noticed in the interface when they are dying to integrate data with us for Anna. So I just want to make sure that. Do we have clarity on the issue? Because Hector mentioned this issue is to be raised to SAP.

Speaker 2:
Yeah. No, no. We are checking with the integration team. But we were able to integrate a lot of data from one location, from the location 2101. And we're currently working on analyzing the data with the rest of the team. So let me check with the integration team. And if we found any issue, I will let you know. If we find any issue, I will let you know. But so far, we were able to integrate, first of all, the material master, more than 1 million materials, location as well, and corrective maintenance history for one location.

 So we're progressing.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, good.

Patel, Rahul:
Thanks. Keep us posted, because then if the data analysis is going to determine the change as well, then let's make sure we are all aware if there is any hurdles in the interface to be so that we can be aligned

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
on the next steps here.

Patel, Rahul:
Cool. Yeah. That's it from our side.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Any other points on our list?

Naamani, Mohamad:
I know we have the I mean, Raul, you didn't join our We talked to Khaled this morning about BRDBPT approval. This is not only Rawal, the rest of the team who are not on the morning huddle. Also, we were very clear that we need to be pushy, we need to be firm with the users. Some are providing input late, like Morgan, and that type of input is not only a couple of comments, it includes requirements.

 So at least, and this is important, so Kunal, Kushboo, depend on those documents and comments. What we need to do is to capture those comments, and especially, I think, Kunal, you mentioned 40-something requirements, and analyze saying, okay, some of them are the typical comments we received. We got them late, and we're not going to be nice about this delay. We'll tell them on the status update on Tuesday that we're expecting earlier.

 People came after the deadline and delayed us further. I mean, if Morgan got upset, I don't care. He needs to shape up. We're not only working with him. But the other point is, if there are new requirements, and that's Kunal what we need to, and you heard it from Khaled, let's help Khaled with those two, let's call it parameters. One, if it's something that can be handled out of the box, or I mean, it's a configuration.

 I think, for example, I saw a request from more recently to Hector, that they want to have multiple approval or more approval than we needed. If it's something that can be done, yes, we'll say that was mentioned and we're adding it's possible. However, there are certain things that might be in general possible, like they're asking for some machine learning, new algorithm, whatever it is, I don't remember, two things.

 But this is out of scope one, and this is not a small thing, or a parameter we can set in the system, not to mention it might not be even possible. So we will have possible or not. So let's say fit gap, just like we do. Yes, it's covered in the system or not. And in scope or out of scope. If it's something that we missed for whatever reason in the workshops, but it isn't in the scope of work, we'll have to figure it out.

 But anyone now coming with a shopping spree approach and dreaming wish list saying these are the requirements is not going to be accepted. However, we need to be ready. So if we're briefing Khalid on Monday. And then on Tuesday we're discussing with Firas. We need to say there are certain things that will accept. The others are new changes. Firas, we need your guidance. These are not in scope and will derail or will delay the go live.

 Let then Morogan and Firas agree. Now I'm jumping to conclusions. Maybe those 40 are just text comments or nothing worth it. I don't know. But Kunal here, we need your help because you're basically filtering those comments. You mentioned two machine learning things. I don't know what they mean and how relevant they are to your IDP. So let's do this analysis. We can start today, but definitely we might not finish.

 And midday Monday we'll have the summary. If it's not final, just to tell Khalid, look, this is a situation and we need to make a decision. Does that make sense as an approach? Because we need to manage also all of those. There's a difference between feedback and just turning the table and as if we're workshop style or workshop mode still now after almost a month. Yeah, sure, sure.

Sheth, Kunal:
More just to add to your point. I have done the analysis for all the 46 review comments from BRD. So, out of 46, 6 are related to the new requirement, it seems, and 3 are related to the discussion which we need further clarity. Rest of the points should be doable from our side. So, out of that, 26 are related.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sorry Kunal, you went too fast. What rest of the points? The 40 something are doable?

Sheth, Kunal:
Let me quickly share my screen.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, but just when you said rest of the points, I mean, you said 40 new requirements.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, total if you can see my screen. So out of 46 we have 6 comes to the new requirement where we need to first do the feasibility study and then we'll be able to figure it out. It is really feasible in IBP or not.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, which is what you need to usually you validate with Hector and Bassem and the rest of the team, right? Yeah, that's a good summary. Let's analyze those. And the new requirements are the ones that could be scary, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Correct.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Is this where ML was introduced or something about ML?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, within this six we have ML also covered. So if you see the point number, this one raised by Ashma. So this is related to machine learning. And rule number six and seven, both are related to Ashma. So she would like to.

Naamani, Mohamad:
This is why and I was actually I was very clear to Khalid it's not only Morrigan even Asma. So to have machine learning to propose repairable items and to be identified what is this?

Sheth, Kunal:
So there is a requirement called repairable item and if it is beyond repair so we need to enable some flag on top of it. So here if you see the point number four first so this is the repairable requirement which is coming from It's a completely new requirement. So beyond repair, we need to activate some logic and something like this.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, we need to do the following, Kunal, but definitely with the team. First of all, so we have our back covered. Let's check the scope of work. If there is any reference for this, that's number one. Number two, so that we also have our, let's say, traceability proper. Let's make sure none of those were mentioned workshops and we ignored because they'll say you dropped us especially more of them Morgan would say on date X and 53rd minute of the call I mentioned this but you didn't break it down and you know sometimes he's nasty but sometimes he has a valid record I'm not saying it's the case so as you're discussing it with the team if it's something in scope of work we react with it differently as opposed if it's not because then And we'll tell them, guys, not in scope of work, not in workshops.

 Now you're coming even if it's feasible. So let's say number three, the new requirement with asthma could be possible. I don't know. I don't want to jump to a conclusion. But basically, this is something that might take time or actually it's not possible or it's possible and it's something quick. So we're OK with it. Again, you understood my point. I mean, the two dimension one is about feasibility or not.

 The two, is it a major change or not? Because this is what Firas will ask about. So please complement your discussion with a review of scope of work and workshop content so we don't end up with, you know, actually the reason we added this comment is because you ignored us and we mentioned it earlier.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
You know how they become sometimes.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Someone wanted to add something? Sorry, I I hijacked the call, but I was really upset yesterday with this feedback. We've been nice to them. We've been accommodating some delays, but I think going forward, we will be very strict with the dates. And after that, we will even revoke access or stop access. Raoul suggested this. As of Monday, midday, we will stop everyone's access. No more comments. They could read the document, but no more edits or completely revoke the access.

 Especially when they complain that they need the tool yesterday, but they take their sweet time. So no more nice guy, nice lady, whatever you want to call it. I hope I'm not scaring everyone with this tone, but I'm definitely a bit frustrated. So back to you.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, what I'm saying is strange part is that from 7th onward only we get 44 comments on top of yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. It is annoying. Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
No, I think I was just going to reiterate, it's needed to start putting boundaries. Otherwise, everything will start to spiral. And we don't have much time, right? We're they keep asking us to do things. Anyway, let's not beat a dead horse, as they say. So we just definitely need Khaled's help. Muhammad voiced it this morning. We'll voice it again on Monday morning. He needs to help us manage those stakeholders.

 But let's go back to our list. Sorry, Hadi and team, I need to jump.

Naamani, Mohamad:
If there's anything, ping me on chat. I just need to finish something before the next call in three minutes, OK? That's fine, Khaled.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So let's try for once to finish on time. Do you mind flashing the Excel with our risks and issues, please?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, one minute. Sure.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I just want to see, essentially, if there's anything to add to it, or if there's any updates with the ones that we already have. From my end on the invoice, given that we have quite a bit with us, Khaled is validating the total amount of the invoice with Firas. So once that's done, we'll have to go through ServiceNow certificates so that we're able to issue the invoice. And once that's done, not that you have anything to do because you already submitted your second invoice, but anyway, at least we'll let you know.

 To the payment for invoice one it's still not in our pocket probably at this point let me ask again just so I don't forget the sorry say again yeah this is rahul so regarding the second invoice do you think

Patel, Rahul:
we should initiate the service now steps our approval in parallel while Khaled is...

Roumanos, Hadi:
We ask Khaled. We can't until he secures the budget from his side. So, but that's the immediate next step. Once he gets the approval from Firas, then we do that. By the way, do you have, as Rahul for KPMG India, do you have the PO for issuing your invoices or not yet? Yes. You should have it. Shared that with me. OK. Alright, so that's the latest on the invoicing. Let me OK now it's coming up. Alright, so.

 Yeah, I think I also need to jump to another call. Anything specific for me? Actually we should all jump. I don't want to keep always pushing beyond the time that we have. Is there anything that anyone wants to bring up in addition to what we have in our risk and issues list?

Sheth, Kunal:
Just need to update on the technical meeting which I had with Paola and Ananda. So they were saying that they would like to see the SDG document. So can we share draft version of HDT with Paola?

Roumanos, Hadi:
We need to check yes you can obviously we have to go through Khaled you can share a draft as long as there's draft slapped all over it just because we need to go through Fadi first as usual but as Rahul mentioned check with Khaled slap draft on it and then yes now the reason I'm checking with Khaled want to welcome 10,000 comments again, right? So we need to set that expectation. Say, hey, they've asked us to share the draft.

 It's a draft. However, please note that we don't want to keep opening the process again and again.

Sheth, Kunal:
Right, right. No, no. It is from the SAP. They would like to understand the AdMob process, because currently they are working on two critical points, which was raised by Santamys on the risk and compliance part. So they also would like to internally review that.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So here's my question. If they want to understand the AdMob process, then why is it why is rsd the guinea pig for understanding the process why don't they get an std from another project right I'm trying to limit the risk on us so

Patel, Rahul:
let's have the conversation with khalid tell him I said we want to understand blah blah tell me yeah yeah and ultimately it's adnox document we are making it for adnox so it has to be first approved by adnox but

Roumanos, Hadi:
it needs to go outside adnox right honestly I I I agree with Raul, right? The fewer eyes look at our documents right now, the better. I don't want to keep opening up discussions. So I suggest bring it up to Khaled on Monday morning. Tell him SAP have requested this. It's not a closed document or an approved document, so we shouldn't be in a position to share it. However, if SAP needs support and understanding process, what can you share with them?

 OK, OK, sure.

Sheth, Kunal:
I think it's better to play it safe. Sure. Agreed, agreed. And Hadi, related to the second document, as well in this runbook part can we share with Ande and team it's a this config document it's not a deliverable right so you can share it with whoever you want that's fine

Roumanos, Hadi:
yeah yeah sure draft version yeah it's a supporting document it's us helping them so you can share it yes okay okay thanks no worries uh okay or we're already above time kyle I know you had your hand raised you want to raise It's fine, Hadi.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I wanted to speak to Khushboo before she dropped off.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'll connect to her separately.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Oops, sorry.

Patel, Rahul1:
Hadi, last point before we kind of close this. We are into build. And as part of the build, we need to deliver on the RICEFs. So Khushboo has helped me put up the list of RICEFs, which we have shared with the team. But early next week, we need to maybe sure the list of RICEF is closed available so that we can put name across people and make sure that whatever changes in development are supposed to happen during the build are tracked and the PMO is aware of the status of the development.



Roumanos, Hadi:
So let's add this as a point to update RICEF. I know that there's a RICEF line item for CrushBook. We can either modify the or add another item, either way is fine. Who do you need for this Khaled? Do you need probably the business to validate the names? Or who do you need?

Patel, Rahul:
So RICEF list, first we need to internalize it. The first draft is ready. We need internal confirmation from the project team. If we are not missing anything, that's next. When we are getting this confirmation project team, we need to assign the resource. Or the functional resource would be because the moment you have RISC-V, you have the functional specification document, your technical specification document.

 So all those activities related to RISC-V and the technical resource will be delivering it by what date we'll have the RISC-V completed, that the entire activity has to happen. And then we need to make sure this is aligned with Khalid so that they are aware this is how we are going to deliver the changes they have requested.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, listen, let's do something. Let's sit down, you, me and Khushboo, Monday morning, the stand up with Khalid. We agree on a list of activities. We put a timestamp to each one and then we take it from there. Otherwise, it's going to keep, it's going to stay in your mind and we're not going to action it. So first step, we'll put a plan together and then we do it.

Patel, Rahul:
So while we have a plan together, now it needs to be on the mainstream for our follow-up and actions.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Say again.

Patel, Rahul:
So while we have the list ready now, we need to make sure it becomes our mainstream follow-up action.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, OK. All right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, I know.

Roumanos, Hadi:
We all need to drop testing. Anything else? Anyone? All right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thanks, guys. Thank you. Bye-bye.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Thank you, everyone.

Patel, Rahul:
Have a good weekend.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thank you. Thank you.

