Madhavan, Tara:
Rahul, so today Hadi and Namani both will not be there.

Patel, Rahul:
So you're going to drive the call? Yeah, I'll pay with the link. Prakalesh will go to critical ones.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Madhavan, Tara:
Bye.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
See.

Patel, Rahul:
Can we wait for a couple of more minutes? Anyone else? For joining our lesson.

Patel, Rahul:
All right, Tara, let's put up the list. Before we go through the list, anyone have any point to be shared? Discussed in the meeting.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, I'll start with the critical ones.

Bastian Osorio:
I'll have just a comment, just a comment just from Monday to Wednesday. Sagar will be out of the office, but Reynaldo of course will be working on his. In the same time shift than him, I think this was struck in the applications file, but anyway, we will have integration resources, so don't worry.

Patel, Rahul:
All right. All right. So today we discussed some activities for next week, Bastian. All the activities related to integration for one ERP, you requested. Sagar to send invite today. So if you can internally ask and make sure Sagar sends the invite for next week before leaving, so that then Rinaldo can drive the conversations.

Bastian Osorio:
Bastian? Sorry, I was speaking on mute.

Patel, Rahul:
The invitation with Bignesh? No. No, no, it's with AdNoc. In today's technical call with Sagar and the AdNoc team, what we have said is that we need to plan sessions next week to finish the configuration for development clients. Whatever we've done up till now is only for sandbox. So to finish the configuration with DevNet clients, we need to send invites to AdNoc to make sure the AdNoc team member who are supposed to do certain activities in the client the invites are sent and all the required people.

 Because now we know from the experience on Sandbox that who all people are required or which are activity. We should offer and send the invites and make the event planned rather than unplanned. I don't want to have an unplanned discussion now that we know how to set up interface between AdNoc, between different systems. We have to replicate the action for development environment. So Sagar has to send invites, Making sure all the required stakeholders are part.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. Yes, sure. We simply configure the environment.

Patel, Rahul:
So Sagar was having this action from today's conversation, so if he's going on leave from Monday, I would request he. Sends this invites to the only all right yes okay father is aware of this if you want you can talk to him or if he needs any supporting I can Now I'm speaking with him. So drilling data I think it's due tomorrow Monday so we can skip that. This quantifying I think we had the workshop today, so it's in process.

 We need to follow up now.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
What is the next step, Rahul?

Patel, Rahul:
Here, we had a workshop today, so end user's first overview session was completed, right? So as part of the overview session, we have shown the template sheet and asked for confirmation. So now the next step is to follow up on making sure that this end user list with us.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Can I comment on this please? So. Just, you know, in today in the workshop today that that one manager from adnoxile gas he asked for. He asked for the risk assessments on the system and asthma had said yes, we had done the risk assessment. Now, Alia has emailed me and she's asked us for any document related to risk assessment that they can share. Do we have something like this? Or I don't know how I must respond to Alia now.



Patel, Rahul:
I don't think so. We have any. Document you can talk to more the money.

Madhavan, Tara:
Maybe they did something on ADNOC said I don't know. Yeah, no money might be able to get.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so we should raise this to no more than one. Please talk to Monamani separately and loop him in so that we can take the conversation forward.

Madhavan, Tara:
All right. So Kyle is going to follow up on the end user list now? Yeah, we will do that, yes. OK, all right. Guruj.

Patel, Rahul:
System access system access due date now is 7th of yes what are the next action items next action is I'd love to provide access We don't have to do anything? We don't have to do anything. Is this linked to VDI as well?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Is this the same task?

Madhavan, Tara:
I don't know. There are two things.

Patel, Rahul:
One, for us to create, to have access to VDI. Second, we get access to the Sandbox, the development system.

Madhavan, Tara:
So the VDI access, you asked me two days, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's the one, correct?

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah. Yeah, so I just want to understand what's the status of Buruj media. Are we raising a common ticket?

Madhavan, Tara:
Everyone is supposed to raise independent ticket? No, yesterday, actually, my ticket was rejected saying you cannot raise bulk and also ask for Buruj ITVP approval. For ITVP approval, I mailed to Khalid. But then in yesterday's huddle, Khushboo said that she raised individually and got access so I'm I'm racing individually now not done completed yet but I'm racing so without the ITVP access I can I can race and see whether they'll

Patel, Rahul:
Process or they'll reject all right so I think then we can mention both the things awaiting AdNoc access from AdNoc and currently Punal how are we doing Guruja activities anyone has the video Media access, I think Kunal has and Kushbu has. PH.D.: Kushbu's line is working, Rahul. Ph.D.: Anyone from GoSiem team has the GURUJ access?

Sheth, Kunal:
PH.D.: Earlier, Renaldo was able to access, but later on, he was also facing the same issue.

Patel, Rahul:
PH.D.: So I understand we are doing some work on GURUJ size. How we are doing that GURUJ-related work? There are some email companies going on.

Sheth, Kunal:
So related to the Guruj, what I understood from Sagar is that in Guruj we only have one plant that is 3700 and data loading is already complete with the help of Nishant two weeks back.

Patel, Rahul:
All right, which means there is no immediate action on Guruj side. So this is you can reduce the priority to hire for Guruj.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Patel, Rahul:
Are you doing for bootroot?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't see the first one. Sorry.

Patel, Rahul:
Now, the next task is for me to send email to conclude a discussion with Asma, Rahul to send minutes to Asma today, and to connect with Asma on Monday to define next steps based upon the discussions we've had.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right. Any other critical point, anyone? Kyle, you had raised your hand.

Patel, Rahul:
So I think your point was addressed, right? That's the point you wanted to talk about. Yes. Alright, uh, can we quickly go through the higher ones as well? This is this is so sorry, I'll I'll remove the closed ones. Reference module go SCM. I think this is continual FSD. Kunal, you provided the feedback, right? Prishbu, did you do the review from your side as well? Yes, I went through it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's fine.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I just have a few minor points which I'll add in the FSD directly.

Patel, Rahul:
All right, which means if the Wave 1 FSD is done, we can then send this to to Vignesh for approval.

Sheth, Kunal:
Rahul, so far we don't know whether in Buruj also do we have any custom field to be integrated in IBB.

Patel, Rahul:
So that point I'll mention to Roshio.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
By when are we sending to Vignesh?

Madhavan, Tara:
And then maybe we can add Kunal's point.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so so I've spoken to Colin. The FSD would be common between Buruj and Waniyar.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We will not have Buruj specific.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, but when are we sending this wave 1 FSD to Vignesh for approval? What are what is our target date?

Patel, Rahul:
By today. Will be let's let's keep that on Monday. Because some of you will have the team has to change or incorporate feedback from So let's let's target Monday.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, so should I include anything else like Buruj related items in the FSD?

Patel, Rahul:
No, this we need to check this for Buruj.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Should we loop? Or someone as well as I mean in addition to Vignesh or is it just Vignesh should give the go-ahead for Guruj as well.

Patel, Rahul:
Guruj will have to send to Nishant. So when we send for approval it will go to both Nishant and Vignesh.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Vignesh will approve for 1 ERP, Nishant will approve for Guruj. Okay.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's make sure The content clearly says that this is applicable for both 1ERP and HURU recipients.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, mentioned like this.

Madhavan, Tara:
So anyway, since Nishant's name is mentioned for him to approve, it's understood, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
It's more for Kunal and his group to make the content.

Madhavan, Tara:
Their feedback has this confirmation. So full calendar, this is still in progress.

Patel, Rahul:
We are not completed yet. It's the end date.

Madhavan, Tara:
And it was yesterday. OK, it will be only done by, I think, we will have something ready by Thursday.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, third.

Madhavan, Tara:
But yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
You can put the comment first. And process whatever it is.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Current status. Yeah.

Madhavan, Tara:
This is. Yeah, this is the one I changed to high OK. Configuration sprint status updates Rocio center today.

Patel, Rahul:
We have to take a look. Yeah. So.

Patel, Rahul:
so passion for the one related to statistics I think we have discussed today on all the points where you need input right most of them are covered the only point probably need clarification is the is the consumption data correct that's right so once we have them then you'll be able to help us with the statistics right with the what sorry I didn't get the final words the statistics if you remember the yesterday email from where some statistics are requested by now for clothing the design decisions right the split between corrective preventive maintenance yes yes once we finish uh the these definitions will be able to share some figures.

 All right, so you can put up an action on me, Tara, on the statistics that KPMG team to provide clarity on. Which item? We're talking about No, row 61. It's between me and Kunal to provide confirmation data consumption logic.

Madhavan, Tara:
Rocio, these invites, will you be sharing something with me today?

Patel, Rahul:
Rocio is not here today.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, so do you know, Bastian, whether Rocio will be sharing? Any idea?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
The invitations?

Madhavan, Tara:
No, she said she will give me a high-level plan so that I can send out the invitations. So yeah, yeah, I will.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, she will. We work on that yesterday, so I think she will be able to check it.

Madhavan, Tara:
I'll check with her separately, no problem.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, this one Rahul. Which one?

Madhavan, Tara:
Define consultant cut over ID.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, this is something I. So we need to align this with Rocio. And when we can have this, this should happen before SIT. Had to be created. So we need to align a date when we can have this. This needs to be discussed with Rocio. So maybe, can you send this email to Rocio asking this so that it gets discussed? Or if you are going to talk to Rocio, just talk to her about this point as well. Get her permission.

 On basically she needs to align internally between the GovCM team to understand what kind of access is required on SAP S4 HANA for them to do the particular activities.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, so what date can I put as a target date? Is starting here March 10th, if I'm not wrong.

Patel, Rahul:
So we need to define this by the end of February, but then we also need I'd love to work. So internal should have been made set 15 by 15. We should have the input available for rules so that we can take this to add now and get the rules created and it's created for us.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, OK. So RSTD list.

Patel, Rahul:
So I think we see this is that in the meeting plan today.

Madhavan, Tara:
date for this Rahul should it be completed before UAT or only before cut over it should be completed before UAT because in the UAT mock cut over we need to execute the steps for production okay then UAT begins early

Patel, Rahul:
April so but I think the the team is working on finishing fixing this right away. Poonal, Sagar said that there is this meeting planned. Is the meeting has been planned today? Do you know? Paula has responded with the confirmation.

Sheth, Kunal:
No, not yet, not yet, Rahul. I think Mustafa will, they are actually doing this activity on an ad-hoc basis because as they are working on a US time zone, so once Sagar kaiser will send an invite all right so anything we need to do any

Patel, Rahul:
reminder we need to send because paula was checking right if someone can help us in our technology yeah so let us wait for today's end of the day and then we will have some status on this all right okay all right and I think I think there's two things. Only action is required for 65. 66 is to be done later. So it's not due now. It's due later. So we can put up a date, something before UAT, maybe two weeks before UAT, two to three weeks before UAT, something you can put.

 I'll put 10th of March.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah. Yeah, let's put a city start start data society. OK. Alright. Data analysis.

Madhavan, Tara:
Is it the same as data validation yesterday? Yes, you can delete it, yeah? OK, this Rahul you asked me to add today.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, so this we discussed with. Started saga to send invites to bastion to check with saga and saga to send invites because now if the saga himself is not available we need to make sure that invites are being sent before it leaves so that arenaldo

Madhavan, Tara:
can drive the sessions next week okay so I'll put a date of what today fourth of today okay today because saga And then.

Patel, Rahul:
OK, we discussed the password password communicate with server. We only have these now.

Madhavan, Tara:
Remove the closed ones. OK, invoicing us with us and that's OK. And recommendation document.

Patel, Rahul:
This is, uh, you can change the date to yeah. Change the date. By the Monday. Following week after the following. 10th Feb 10th Feb, yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Madhavan, Tara:
Business benefits OK next Monday training approach. What date should it be, due date? It should be medium or it could be high kind?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Nikita, I don't know if you want to comment on this or do you want me to?

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Sorry, which one is that?

Madhavan, Tara:
The training approach finalization. This one.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Carl, maybe you comment and I'll add on top.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, so this is what we were discussing earlier, but this is dependent on the identification of the end users. So I know Mohamed Nomania said that he wants us to come up with an approach on the intersections of the users that we've identified. But the users that we've identified are for inventory mainly, and they are actually part of the second wave. So all those ones under MRO and chemicals and drilling, we still need to identify them.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So...

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Sorry, inventory is part of the first wave, right? Can I add? Excuse me. Can I interrupt and add, guys, if you don't mind? Can we specify in the cell L16 the description of what is required here? What is training approach? Who can tell me? Is that training strategy deliverable or what is that?

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, my understanding is the training strategy deliverable. With the complete approach for what Kyle explained now, how we are going to train each intersection audience, yeah.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
So it's both in one, right? Yeah. Are taking the latest. Then what Kyle has just commented on is 100% I agree with.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Kyle, question here.

Patel, Rahul:
Did we receive from Sargas and Aliasat and Aldapra? I think Trilling we are only waiting for Sargas, Aliasat and Aldapra, right?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, so I'm still waiting for all of that. I've been following up.

Patel, Rahul:
I'm not getting any responses. Can you reply again and then Mark, ask Khaled support in the same way. Khaled is in copy on those emails.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Let's make sure we are replying to that, reminding them every day.

Patel, Rahul:
Can we send a reminder again, a general reminder saying that we need this data as soon as possible?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, I've been doing that, but not every single day. OK, I'll do that from now on.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, let's increase our follow-up and let that be an event so that he should be bugged by us, by now, the users.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
I think also on Monday, and the stand-up with Khaled in the morning, we could ask for his support, saying it's becoming critical. Correct. Did what was required from our side on the two comments after the training strategy review one being go away from train the trainer to the full scope and user training delivery and second thing is enable now enable now is is now with kushpu right so we're kind of either either we we are done or working on that but now we require support from them because for us and user identification becomes really, really critical.

 So let's talk 9.30 on Monday and get highly supported then.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
But can we please change this comment in column L, review first draft of training approach on Monday, because we need to identify the users. And Mohammed, he did indicate we must try different approaches with the intersections, but it's just not possible to do now until we know the users. So, Tarek, can you change this to say that this is dependent on the end-user identification?

Patel, Rahul:
And you can mention the end-users of outstanding end-user identifications, MRO chemicals.

Gusev, Nikita (UAE):
Chemicals and also drilling and tying for two or three AGCs.

Patel, Rahul:
only drilling, drilling for Al-Yasad, Al-Dhafra, and Al-Yasad, Al-Dhafra, and Sargas. Did you get Hale and Gasha confirmation? No, I'm waiting for that as well from Abdul Latif.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So it's AdNocHQ, which is Hale and Gasha, Sargas, and Al-Yasad and Al-Dhafra.

Patel, Rahul:
as well.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. Thank you.

Madhavan, Tara:
This is with me and how the discussion is ongoing, so he probably will again have a discussion on Monday. Exclusion confirmation.

Patel, Rahul:
What should I take up this next week? Any comments with me. Can I change the date? Yeah, make it like 7th Feb.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. All right, next one. Calculation. I saw Yasir's mail.

Madhavan, Tara:
I got an email from Murugan as well.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, I got an email from Murugan.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I think we can mark it closed. He's given us the template and clear instructions. Oh, OK. Made a minor update in that. Bastian and Hector this template I have uploaded in the shared location you can pick it up for incorporating in IVP.

Patel, Rahul:
Next action should be to identify who people providing data and let's make sure we have data because if we don't have data then for SIT, UIT we may not be able to calculate this match so we can change the action from defining template to getting the data populating the template so okay he said inventory planning team we can send an email and also talk to them Monday yeah yeah so let's change the action from defining templates so now the template is getting data so that that while the GoSiem team can consider a template in IBP, we can try to push for data at least for 2025.



Madhavan, Tara:
Okay, so let's move on to this one, item number 47. Can I change the end dates? This is these are past dates now. OK, so I'll just leave these two since Rosio is not here today. AI usage with IBP slide. Pushbu, can I change the date? Or is it today?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
You know you can change the date, but I think what most said yesterday was let's park it right. They didn't bring it up in the stair pool last. Yeah, yeah, I remember.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So yeah, maybe we can even change the priority to low. I don't know.

Madhavan, Tara:
I'll put. I'll put this low for now.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK. Internal data dashboard. OK, Rocio is not here, so I'm gonna skip this. Sustainable options either to be added in the master data. Bastian is there in the call. Is there any update to this? You can read it again, please. This is proposing sustainable either to be added in the master data. From manufacturer perspective of a specification, I don't know who added this item.

Bastian Osorio:
I don't know what is the exact requirement.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, I also don't know. This is OK, yeah, go ahead. Bastian, if you recall in our open points discussion, proposing sustainable options to them. We said it's low priority but I think you mentioned Vivek or someone who has some experience with sustainability on IP side and we said it's low priority but we will check in parallel.

Bastian Osorio:
I can put some data. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I will take it here. He knows the person.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, what date can I put that? Testing as a target date.

Bastian Osorio:
Oh, it is next week.

Madhavan, Tara:
Let's wait to give you an update. Sorry end of next week. Yes. OK. Enable now activation. What are we going to do about this?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
track and I'm actually dependent a bit on Yamini but I don't know her access issues resolved or not.

Madhavan, Tara:
Okay I raised it today I got Khalid's approval today so I raised that access request should be done by Monday Tuesday if that's the only thing stopping.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Okay let's put let's put a date as 10th Feb at least let's target to finish this next week and see where we OK.

Madhavan, Tara:
Chemical scope.

Madhavan, Tara:
Whose item is this? I'll put this on.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'll put this on.

Madhavan, Tara:
I'll put 7th Feb as a date for now. This risk. What should I do about this visibility of cutoff? What are the next steps that you are proposing for this Rahul?

Patel, Rahul:
I think you are. Uh, uh, Roshu has said, right? She will provide us with a detailed plan and the dates by week.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, so it's so you think we have a plan and dependencies tracker being worked upon so that will help.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, I think let's start with that.

Madhavan, Tara:
And if we need to add something to it, we can then add more to it. OK, OK. Yeah, OK. That's it then. I will stop sharing. We don't have anything else.

Patel, Rahul:
Anyone have anything else to be discussed? Anything else to be added?

Patel, Rahul:
All right, no input means we don't have anything further to talk. Let's conclude our call. Thank you very much, everyone.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Have a nice weekend. Bye. Thank you.

