Roumanos, Hadi:
Hey, Raoul. Hi, guys.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hey, Hadi. Hello, everyone.

Patel, Rahul:
So, Raoul, just a thought.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let's not go through risks.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I'd rather we focus on the discussion that Kujbu and I had, sorry, Tara and I had with Rocio, just because I want to set expectations as to what that means and get some collaboration from the team going forward on how we track the activity.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But wait for everyone to join.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Alright. Hello. Ready everyone.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We need Rocio you and, uh, Tara to brief us. Actually, I'll hopefully hopefully we're done. We're done. No, no, we're done with that Excel. So I'll stay till 6 30. So my humble request is a following check if that calendar is in good shape. Uh, without going through with check if there are key risks that based on that development, we realize and they're not in our log. And then cover critical I hope I'll be with you by then, including some of the things we progressed on today, like drilling data or something like this.

 But the calendar is important because I think based on it, we will figure out or it will open our eyes to many things, including this drilling data or MRO change management, et cetera, that we will see the domino effect, which is not visible through only a risk log.

Roumanos, Hadi:
But let's wait. No, no, I agree. I think that's what I mentioned to the team before you joined from it. So, uh, let's try and everyone. Yeah, I know. I know we need Rocio. We probably need some go SCM representation, but yes, calendar activities and how we aim to track this on a daily basis between Tara, myself and Rocio. Uh, everyone, because it should be everyone's reference or yes. Yes. Yes. However, our job as governance will be to start identifying risks on the calendar during our daily, not the huddle, something that Rocio, Tara and I will set up on a daily basis, even if it's just a 15-30 minute discussion, so that whatever risk we identify there will be brought to the huddle as opposed to, you know, going through the entire calendar on the huddle.



Naamani, Mohamad:
That's the gist of it. Yeah, it's dual purpose. I mean, for everyone it will be a good reality check. Not check like plan of what is needed this week. So we're all on the same page. If we miss something, someone would say, Hey, by the way, we're working on this, but it's not on the radar. And as you said, as we progress, the governance team will detect things are not in a good shape.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Uh, I am on.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Do you mind picking it up quickly just in case she's able to join just so that we try to close at 6 30.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thank you. I'm really sorry. It extended more than expected.

Rocio:
No, no, it's okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And flashing to the team the plan that we had earlier with Tara, I just want to make sure that everybody's on the same page as to what we're trying to do and how we're trying to track those activities on a daily basis from a governance perspective so that only the risks associated with those activities make their way to the huddle.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Because that plan actually needs to be referenced. Anyone else joining us from your side? Let's check that.

Rocio:
We need to wait for someone.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK. Let's wait. Fine, fine. Let's wait for them.

Rocio:
But that's the goal of the discussion, at least for the first half. OK, yes, yes, of course.

Patel, Rahul:
One second.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Kyle, I moved our impact discussion tomorrow just because we have an MRO discussion in the morning, which is conflicting, and I need to be part of that. So hopefully that I think the calendar fits with everyone, but just so you know, Yeah, thanks.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, let me see.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Raul, you plugged an hour in the morning for planning, or was that? Part two of today's discussion. Remember we said one? Yeah, but so Khaled's not going to be, oh, he's not going to be part of tomorrow's.

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's us.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's our, the one we started. Yeah, I know, but it conflicts.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I'm aware. I'm just... Yeah, Khalid is off.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, OK, OK.

Rocio:
OK, so now Wazdan is here, so I think that we can start.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, so...

Naamani, Mohamad:
Before we start, something quick. Sorry, Rocio. So Hadi, tomorrow we'll decide with Kyle on that thing related to risk assessment. Someone called, I think, Omar, So we need to make a decision tomorrow, even if Khaled is not with us, and have a discussion. Raoul, what did we agree to have a discussion with him and Asma? Because I think it didn't go anywhere, that discussion between Khaled and Asma.



Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I spoke to Asma today, and Asma said it's fine. She thinks that we should have a meeting with Omar himself. So I was actually going to bring it up on the Huddle today to see if someone could Yeah, yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So that meeting cannot be just you and Omar and Asma. So you can, we need to add it on our morning discussion, Hadi and Tara, so that we book that meeting to close that loop. This is really noise. There is no real value from this, but this guy keeps asking about something and everyone is starting in our lab. We'll have a 15 minute discussion saying that's our responsibility. Do you like what you see?

 Otherwise talk to Asma. Khalid to give you the remaining info. So I think this person's name again.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Omar.

Patel, Rahul:
Just the suggestion is this is not important. It's not critical. Let's do it when Khalid is available because Khalid has a strong perspective of not being doing it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, we can book it on Tuesday, but we'll decide on it tomorrow. So let's get nothing needed now. Go ahead Rocio please brief us on the calendar where we are. I hope we're done. And then we'll agree how we use it all of us on a daily basis as our reference.

Rocio:
Okay perfect so basically what we aligned today is that we already have our calendar with all the activities that we are gonna be doing the next six weeks and we will be updating these activities like to to maintain this six week six weeks approach and here there's there is something happening with the format Why only six weeks, Rocio? We have to wait till UAT. Well, yeah, UAT, it's the same as six weeks.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So, okay, yes.

Rocio:
Wave one, it's six weeks, so. But it's, okay, let's say UAT, I'm sorry, yes.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So, anyway, the idea is not to be limited to only a few weeks, or it becomes a move window so it's six weeks or eight weeks from now next week it will be a plus week because one week has elapsed that's the logic. Exactly. So not to end up at the end with only visibility for two weeks in a couple of weeks.

Rocio:
Exactly, exactly. Well basically so we have these activities clear with their dependencies that we will already review and then basically we are meeting with Tara the in a daily basis to check on this activity and to check which activities have risks. So then what we have on the risk tracker is basically that risks. And what I am trying to do, and today I will finalize, is to associate each risk to the activities.

 So then we have both files, but they are related by this. So for example, drilling data and demo, this is the reason why wave one configuration is and three here is on red. So this is how both of the files are related. And then basically what we are going to do with data is reviewing these activities daily. So during our huddle, we don't need to review all the activities on a daily basis, but the risks that are affecting the activities on the next weeks.

 So that's basically what we aligned today. Of course, that doesn't mean that if you identify something as critical that we are not seeing or it's not in this list, you have to say and you have to mention it. But yeah, this way, it's our responsibility to be also maintaining the risk list associated to the activities and to have this view of the six weeks under dependencies and the things needed.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, so let me replay my understanding or for everyone because the idea is not to waste anyone's time or do this because can you keep sharing please? I'm sorry.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, what is having on hold?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Anyway, I need to leave in 15 minutes so. So this is something for everyone because this is our calendar and it will help. Uh, you were also with Tara and the rest of the governance team just to always have visibility on what's happening this week or upcoming week, etc. So that we're always on the same page. If there is something we need to prepare in two weeks, we're not surprised by it. We're making sure it's ready, etc.

 Now for the rest of the execution team, they'll use this just, okay, we're all busy, but maybe something slipped, or they just want to, someone needs to take off next week, and we need to check if someone is covering, or also to make sure things are on track. Now, the execution team will help us, and almost telling us, okay, look, this activity that is in green is not going well, or actually it's okay, Let's keep, because this is a week, so we'll have multiple days.

 It's not going to be either green or red from the beginning. And they'll give us the updates. Also, if they realize there's something not going well, they will inform the governance team, like the drilling data example. So at the beginning of the week, we were expecting it, and it was, let's say, green. And then it didn't progress well. So the idea of the calendar, it becomes the goal to screen for everyone.

 We don't need multiple things. The risk is a result of this. If we have all the reds and amber, we'll create some risks. We have them. I don't think there is any risk that will come not from those activities. Logically, it's their link. It could be one too many, et cetera. Now, there might be some risk, let's say, that will add related to invoicing, which is not in here. But I think our risk log by nature is related to activities we're doing.

 So it's a nice cross-check. This way, during the day, we use this one. During the huddle, we will have already fed or updated the risk log with whatever is new, with the status, so on and so forth. So we spend, hopefully, max 30 minutes, if not less, at the huddle, because everything is in good, or like a well-oiled machine during the day. Then we'll take the latest update of certain things and also update the rest of the team.

 Like now we were pushing, we had a call with the drilling team. I'm not sure, maybe only Arun joined on the call with drilling data. So we've raised, escalated this today. I think we have some progress. So we'll use this opportunity to update everyone. Again, I don't know why Hadi is on hold. Let's, in this I think. If anyone has a clarification. Or, uh. I will say this agreement a concern on this because or they see they it will not benefit.

 I think we also need something better than the project plan or more detail. If anyone has a comment, any suggestion to simplify this to make it more detailed, less go even possible beyond six weeks to eight and then keep looking at it and fine tuning it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. Yes.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sure, we go to the risk and locks. Any feedback on it? Any questions? Go ahead.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, do we have travel plan updated as part of this like any travel related action we have in this? Are based on the criticality People traveling.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, exactly zero at the bottom under dependency for logistics, but I think it needs to be filled. So that's fine tuning. Let's call it. I have added in a couple of places like you 80 site and all, but We have not. Yeah, yeah, it needs to be validated by the team who will execute. So let's say Basim needs to come or Arun or. Or someone, and okay, then it means also, like last time with the UT, are we traveling?

 What does it mean from logistics? Because actually everyone joined remote, so it wouldn't have been that beneficial. Second, if it's going to be that important, then what do we need to prepare from room, from desktops, laptops, so on and so forth, which you know about. So that's very important, for example, if we think SIT, maybe not SIT1, SIT2, the one with the users, we need to have them, while the first one could be us doing remotely, or even the first two weeks of SIT will be all in one room.

 So that is part of how we'll feed this, and maybe we'll use tomorrow's alignment before you travel for this.

Patel, Rahul:
So this is a valid point. One new information we have for the physical meetings, Yasser confirmed me that he will make sure all his users will have laptop. At least he has said the inventory manager confirmed that desktops would not be a logistical concern if people needs to be on the room and they are requesting that at least one session to be planned in the room. So probably when we decide this travel plan, we can consider having this one session, this hands-on session with AdNoc as well because AdNoc also sees now value of hands-on session.

 In whichever session whenever we are planning travel in one of the upcoming sessions we need to consider having those sessions in person physically and AdNoc inventory team has shown interest in having these sessions physically.

Rocio:
Perfect, Rahul. In my case, I'm totally in line that we need to align this. This is the kind of things that I think that we should align as part of the daily activities with Tara and so calling you, Bastian, and everyone to align. But yeah, definitely. In this case, we were thinking about going on UAT and we also have the Ramadan constraints. So let's talk about that tomorrow. Maybe you can align internally on what are your expectations and then we can align with me and Bastian regarding ours.

 So we're all aligned. All right. I think this looks good.

Patel, Rahul:
I think Rocio, Hadi, and Tara, this has come up pretty well, I feel. The link between the actions and the risk helps us to be in line. So I think this will help us identify risk, different and make sure we are. We are in shape for the activities to come.

Rocio:
I think I appreciate all the effort you guys are putting. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Rahul. OK, any other comment?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Do you think across your entire it makes your life easier? Because it's at least a decent visibility or no more work. Yeah, no, no, this this makes putting together was a tough task, but once you have that on calendar, it's it's, I think, easy to manage. Yeah, nothing is easy. I think it's fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
I think Mohammed, the hard part is done, which is identifying the activities. Now, I think everybody is going to have one level of comfort because we have that level of visibility.

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's all I'm thinking. With one exception, it's just a quick progress. Some weeks, let's say, six weeks from now, because we don't have that solid visibility, we need to keep updating those weeks in the future. So we don't just relax, oh, this is great for the next four or five weeks. Then in four weeks, we have no visibility for the weeks after.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Which reminds me, Taro, we need to update the leave schedule as well. I don't think we have visibility that far in the future. So in case anybody is going to the beach, not that you can, We need to know, so please. That beach better be in Abu Dhabi, right?

Patel, Rahul:
That beach better be in Abu Dhabi, exactly.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Good point.

Naamani, Mohamad:
And Rafi internally, other than the Excel sheet we created together, the high-level plan, you have something like this to manage on a daily basis or this is also helping you so you don't have two plans now to manage And

Rocio:
well, yeah, yeah, it's helping me definitely to give like more view to the team also and to help them to do it. Apart from these, we have our tasks where we tag people. Do you use Jira or something like this? We're using Microsoft, Microsoft Planner. But yes, it's definitely helpful. Today we use it in our daily. So, yeah, definitely.

Naamani, Mohamad:
not urgent if at one point planner could be a joint tool, because this one it's convenient because it's Excel. If planner is something we can also leverage. But again, this is only a wish at this point. The idea is to have the same visibility. Okay, good. So let's check the latest. Raoul, do you want to brief everyone on the three burning, drilling, Borouj and MRO? Because some of them progressed, others would need a call tomorrow, so that Hadi is aware of this, will continue tomorrow before you take off.



Patel, Rahul:
Before I get into the three issues, one additional feedback that in the file if you can add under logistics the meeting room booking as well, upfront for SIT, UIT if there are any sessions to be planned so that last moment we don't chase finding rooms as part of logistics efforts.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, yeah, so that just make sure that that's that's something we just need to make sure that considering that not everything takes time. Let's be. Affluent about booking rooms as well. Alright, the three issues. I start with Buruj Buruj. We have confirmation that will have system available on Monday, not Friday. It's like it's not even if it is Friday. Probably we would have started activity Monday.

 That was the plan. So we are still I hope it's good they have completed the refresh and they are doing post refresh activity which means the major task of refresh is complete and post refresh should be done in a couple of days. It's not a lot of critical things which are to be done. So which means I think we'll be good with the Buruj Monday onwards. At the same time, I would request for sure that everyone from the GoSM team works on making sure they have the VDI access, they are able to define, like, set up everything so that once the Monday we receive Buruj access, we can start working on mapping or working on the Buruj development.

 Kunal, parallelly, we need to make sure that Buruj, we have, have the TRs. As per my discussion with Ananda, we should have access to this on our own TR. Buruj control is not as strong as one ERP, but let's make sure first thing on Monday once we have access that we are able to access the system and we have the access to this TR and the developer key and everything so that nothing stops us once we have access to the system.

 Right, yeah sure. Monday we will have a checklist for this. That's an update on Buruj, so I think we'll be good once this is resolved and we'll be back on track for Buruj. For drilling, we had at the meeting, so since morning, we were trying to escalate with multiple stakeholders. In the drilling meeting, we have escalated with Khalifa, the drilling manager. He assured us that tomorrow we'll have data for onshore.

 Offshore, we had, joining us the meeting and he has shared some data for a couple of categories. So, Bastian, I've shared that file with you and Arun and the team. I think I missed marking Arun, I'm not sure. But then I've shared the file with you. So, let's start putting things together with whatever data we have. I think this gives us a good clarity on two categories. At least of the four categories and it has the well plan as well so this is something we can start building upon in IBP while we receive data for rest of the categories so it's like of more of adding the data to the existing and start working towards it while we work in parallel to make sure by tomorrow we have good amount of data for Does that help, Bastian?



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, I'm here.

Patel, Rahul:
So have a look at that data. I feel that data looks good and can help us at least start working while we wait for the rest of the data. Yes, Rocio, you have a question here?

1Rocio:
Yes, I have a question regarding these two questions. The first one, if you saw our email regarding the fact that if we don't have the entire data of demand this week, then we will be impacting our timeline on wave one, like drilling, and we can include it on the wave two. And the other one is if we have the data, because Aaron told me that yes, that from, well, Now, I'm not very clear, but they are able to end sending the data tomorrow.

 But even if they send the data, this is manual data, so we are not integrated to the sources. So then my question is, if we are considering going in the gold live with this manual data on the drilling wave one, or if that's the plan, or if there is a plan of integrating this in this in next three weeks that we have of the build of way one.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So good question ratio.

Patel, Rahul:
So right now we have template finalized and they're sharing data with us manually so that we can start with our build activity and do the supply planning and everything. So once we receive the data from onshore, we will get a clarity on what all fields are available in the existing tools and what are fields are not available. Based upon that will initiate a discussion for for interface. But it is agreed with that now that the interface will not stop us from going live because interface also depends upon the EW teams availability based on our project timeline.

 So we will initiate a conversation and if as per our timeline if the team is available and if we can manage the interface then we will proceed with the interface but the commitment is to start with manual upload and then parallelly work on interface so that eventually the interface is and the process is more automated.

Rocio:
OK, OK, so clear, clear, clear. So then tomorrow on Monday we will know if we have all the data for drilling demand. So wait one and no matter then if we can't like configure the interface. OK, thank you.

Patel, Rahul:
So just for your information, we've already received some data. Now let's hope we receive rest of but at least the data which we have received, I feel, is good enough to start working. We cannot demonstrate the entire demand, but at least we have now two material categories, and I'm pushing for the rest of the material categories, so hopefully we'll see more. But there is progress than what we have worked there in the morning, where we were in the morning.

 All right? Yes, thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Anyone have any other questions on drilling? All right.

Patel, Rahul:
Then the third point was MRO. So MRO, the update is that Asma is aligned, Khalid is aligned with Asma on communication on leadership level to engage Rajesh, which is the asset management equivalent of Murugan from the excellence team. So we've not able to get in hold with him. And tomorrow I've planned a meeting with Asma so that we can agree upon next steps, make sure everyone is aware of the importance of the issue, and highlight and try to get some direction on how do we conclude, because we'll have to be very clear with the team tomorrow that if you're not able to close on this definition, it will have impact on our project timeline.

 And either we go to the STAIRCO with a message that we are agreeing to the solution, or we go to the STAIRCO with a message Yes, we are delayed because of this. There is no second way on this and model process. That's the message we would like to give to the team tomorrow so that everyone takes this on priority and helps us define the close the design decision on this.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's the plan.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Any questions? But a reaffirmation of the drilling data. I know that we went over it, but tomorrow Khaled's on leave, right? So we can't escalate anymore. So we missed the window of escalating to say, hey, by the end of the day tomorrow, if we don't have...

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, we can't. Firas is in the loop. That's fine.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So we need to send out communication tomorrow, ideally early in the day, not late in the day, to say, by the end of the day, we don't have that data, stuff will break. Okay? So...

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no. So it has to be end of day tomorrow, so maybe you didn't check all the emails but after that Let's do this in the morning. We will add degree on all the actions. Okay, fine What other than a model and before I close a model at the link I'm not a drilling and borough just we are lose Who did we agree to be discussed tomorrow? Any other critical before I close?

Patel, Rahul:
No, I don't think there are any critical. These are the most important. Others are more operational. We are still we are working on open points, which is an ongoing activity. So Rocio and CoACM team, considering that we have three weeks of build, the point we discussed about aligning with AdNoc on what happens to the open points, because if you are closing the build, and we are not able to address on all the open points, we need to have confirmation that, because it should not happen that we get in an administrative loop where open points becomes new TR, new release approval SIT UAT for the open points, right?

 So that clarity has to be, this is something we've discussed with the GoSiem team as well, Bastian and Hector are aware of this thing. So the effort should be to make sure that we maximize on close all the open points and once we are able to close the open points in parallel we need to have this alignment with Khalid that what happened to the open point of the build one, wave one build.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay sorry guys because I need to drop. So on this point and that's also so please keep an eye on what we have already in the calendar if there's something missing because of this. For example, there is a document that we need to close and those open points are not allowing us to close. There is something that we need to finish next week, but so far it doesn't look well. Now, the message is the following.

 We're close to a stage where go live date will not change. And even this one, everyone is asking if we can do earlier. So instead of June, July, maybe just finish everything by June. Don't worry about this part. The message is the following, and I hope everyone is listening. We're now going into ultimatum mode. So today on the call, I was very clear that guys, if we don't have data, we'll go live without you.

 That's not ideal, and that's not something we can immediately flag every time we have a small delay, but now we're on the critical path and we have so many delays. Same for MRO. We might go technically live if no one is taking us seriously and the solution is ready for them to use whenever they want. The reason I'm highlighting this because this will help us address or de-stress a bit because everything is taking forever.

 But most importantly, we need to check if we're doing this ultimatum, what are the prerequisites from our side for this technically go live? For example, are we done with the FSD document or the SDD? Some integration working to get from S4. Are we okay with the configuration, so on and so forth. So this way, if we flag the ultimatum, we'll say, you know what, we can go live on date X. Technically, you're not giving us closure on certain things.

 We'll go live first, and then continue with you. Anyway, we have months of hypercare. So whatever you're not answering to, you'll answer after. We need to switch into this, leave that part, because I already started talking to fear us about it. Leave that part to me and Hadi in terms of when to execute or exercise this option. But also keep this in mind so that if we're reaching a dead end, like this email you sent Rocio, a delay means, no, we're not going to change the go live.

 A delay means what? What do we have to drop from go live? Oh, okay, sorry, Drilling. Well, good luck because you just ignored us or you gave us data too late. You'll be considered in the next Go Live. What does it mean from internally, effort, work, et cetera, we'll handle it, but this is much better than us pushing the Go Live date again. This is not going to be good, neither for us, nor for AdMob.

 Yes, we're on a line on that. Yes, definitely. So I'll leave you here. If there are any points, let me know, we can cover tomorrow or after, but this is the mode we're in now. So at least we have some peace of mind, and they also feel more pressure. I think today, after a few hours from the call, because we were not really nice from the beginning, we started getting some data. So it wasn't rocket science, but it was people taking their sweet time.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thanks, everyone. I'll drop.

Rocio:
If there's anything, let me know. Bye. Thanks.

Patel, Rahul:
Thank you. Thank you.

Rocio:
Thank you, everyone. Rahul, can you stay one second?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure.

Bastian Osorio:
A small comment. I see that Arun and Vivek and Saul are not added to this daily huddle. Can someone please add them to the invitation?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
They're not?

Rocio:
Maybe it's because of the new tenant that we...

Bastian Osorio:
No, no, they're not in the invitation.

Patel, Rahul:
They are in the invitation. But they are in the invitation. It's just that since you're looking from your perspective, you're not seeing it. But if I check, I can see all of them are invited.

Bastian Osorio:
Maybe it's because all these tenants changed.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, we'll check.

Rocio:
Yeah, maybe because last week they joined. So I will resend the meeting because last they were here so maybe but yeah if you can add us to the invite it's also better so they can receive the updates. Okay thank you.

Patel, Rahul:
Hiroshi you wanted to talk right?

Rocio:
Yeah just the development key for Reinaldo in Borush that is what is missing he now he can access but only the development key. So he raised it. For the sandbox? No for the Right.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Which tenant? Burush.

Patel, Rahul:
Burush, but I don't think you will receive access to the development environment. I think Rinaldo is still working on Burush Sandbox.

Rocio:
Let me ask, OK, what development key and which tenant? OK, I will let you know in the chat.

Patel, Rahul:
All right. Also, one more thing, Rocio. If Rinaldo can update tomorrow in Huddle about the status of one ERP, like development box perspective what's the status have we connected yes he told me yeah he told me that he needed to meet geyser today or tomorrow five minutes so yeah definitely he will update it yeah yeah so tomorrow tomorrow we have the technical status meeting so probably that is discussed there but then in the huddle if you can get an update for all of us considering that rinaldo may not join so at least if you can help us with that update that will give us clarity that at least one year ARP interface for development is complete.



Rocio:
I mean, yes.

Patel, Rahul:
All right. Thank you, everyone. Bye-bye. Bye.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Thank you.

