Roumanos, Hadi:
Bye, everyone. Sorry for the delay. Let's give it a minute.

Sheth, Kunal:
Muhammad and Rahul will be joining us as well.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Uh, Tara. Or, uh.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Hadif, anyone on the call? Where is the file for Tracker? It's not in the PM4 folder? It's in the PM4 folder.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Can you guys tell us where it is, Dharam?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, what happened?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Guys, we said let's use this to discuss the weekly calendar, even if we don't need to share that thing. Maybe we can go through the critical ones, Hadi and Tara, quickly. Because the idea of today's session, the extended one, is being ready for the next 8, 10, 12 weeks. So what's happening over the next few weeks? This is not going to be a discussion about all risks, et cetera. This is more of a planning, because we need to be ready for everything.

 So Tara, you can open.

Bastian Osorio:
I have just one urgent topic today.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I have it open.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let me share my screen. OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Sorry. Yes, but can you raise your voice a bit, Bastian?

Bastian Osorio:
Can you hear me well?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
It can be better. Let me see.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, speaker. Better now?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
No, it got worse.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
No, no, you can stay as before and we can raise the volume. It's fine.

Bastian Osorio:
Can you hear me now? Yes. Yeah. What I was before all the rest of the topics is the Thursday drilling session, because I understand and I just spoke with Arun. He hasn't received the data. So I think we need to postpone this session. There's no If we receive it, probably we'll receive it tomorrow morning. We will have a day or less than a day to prepare two sessions.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, yeah, sure. So first thing, the first session in the morning on Thursday, there is a town hall for AdNoc, so we need to push this anyway. That's the first one. Now, if we don't have the data and even the second one, Raul, on Thursday, the second session is too early. Can you do mute?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Can we do two things, either we can move out the session completely or we utilize that time to talk about any clarity we need from data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so Bastian, that was the point. The morning session, they have a conflict in town hall, so we'll cancel it. The afternoon one, even if we're not ready, let's use it to tell them, guys, by now you gave us this data or if they didn't, let's use it in a way to escalate because that's the only way we're can get progress, even if it takes half an hour or whatever. Now, if we got the data tomorrow and we're not ready, we can tell them, look, we just got it.

 It's not ready. We have the following clarification. So let's use it so that between Friday and Monday, until we schedule the longer session, we have all the information.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Make sense? Yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm clear. I'm positive on on your comment, but then we need to set the Let's say real expectation that is not feasible.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yes, yes, so we do things will do will cancel the first session and will change the agenda of the second session.

Madhavan, Tara:
Can we move it to another?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Right now I don't want to commit the date. Or let's do it tomorrow once we receive data, because unless we receive data will not be able to even commit when we will be able to do it while you like to do it as soon as possible. But then let's have this discussion on when we can have session once we receive data and then we plan the sessions in the following week.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, yeah, and the Khalid is out on Monday. But anyway, let's also we have enough work on wave 2 so. We don't need to rush it based on how we see how soon we receive the data will then decide collectively what makes sense. If Monday is OK, fine. If not Tuesday, I think we have enough work to do in parallel.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So unless you you disagree.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So yeah, that's the plan. Alright, so anyone.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, yeah, at least cancel the morning one. The afternoon will align tomorrow Tara. May need to change stakeholders of the meeting, so we'll update it appropriately. Alright, so drilling data and demo we've already discussed. Now I'll change the due date to tomorrow because we don't have data yet and the sessions won't aligned accordingly. That's for data, I'll just keep it like this. Identify and quantify number of end users for training.

 Kyle, the communication went out today?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
We checked about an hour and it hadn't gone off. OK, we had sent it to them.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We've sent it to them, so this is again until the communication is going out, will not be able to take identify the users and I think it's in. It's with it's without knock. But we said we raised this to Khalid and Asma. Yeah, so we did raise it to Khalid and Asma. They reviewed the communication memo and from our side we said OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Again, tomorrow morning will have to go this letter next. Yeah, that's another story.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I think we've discussed about this. Anything needs to be updated here. We have discussed it is so we raised it to SAP. So they're in the loop.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Let them work in the background.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I think do we need to reduce the priority considering now it is discussed?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
No, what we need is to be at least to be clear for Kunal to be clear what is available today. Can we create samples of it, etc? Then we can reduce. Priority because if we have a workaround. The workaround is the existing reports and dashboards. It's just getting samples of those because if once we ask again, we don't want to say, OK, let us tell you, we'll say this is what these are examples. But until we load the data and we have, which would be after Golang and feed us recommended, we don't even need to show samples to Mansuri because.

 But if he asks about it, I don't want to get into this argument. Having this Kunal spending time to get from, because the team is already showing some dashboards and reports, getting this into a couple of slides as examples, just to kill the argument. It might be not enough, but just to manage another risk.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
This is something which will be working right now in this call, so I will not go to it. The last one, we had discussion with Asma and team, and we are aligned to have the session tomorrow. The invite is not yet sent.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Tomorrow morning they will have a I'll just indicate the date, not ongoing.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So maybe put the due date as tomorrow and indicate that there is a session scheduled for tomorrow. This is a session to be planned by ASMA with asset management excellence team. So once we have this discussion of excellence team, we will have the next path defined on how we take this up. Okay. But yeah, we switch to the calendar.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, this is what it is.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So we've gone through the list. Anyone has any other critical point which is very urgent and needs to be discussed before we move to the Calendar. Alright, then let's anyway.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Today is an unusual session, so even if some things are definitely we have all the actions for everyone they can check. Tara is the teams for go SCM KPMG issue resolve.

Madhavan, Tara:
Not really, I will write something. In the marketplace but Rocio said she is still not able to access so we have to try something else tomorrow. But Rocio said she is able to access from her phone using her old tenant.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah I'm just writing I'm just about to send an email to all of you like making this this topic clear but yes definitely I found a workaround to access our SharePoint so I will I will be able to do it, but still not using the chat. And I also will include shadows in the email. So because our server, our, yeah, the consultant firm that is helping us with this migration suggested what to do to solve it.

 But yeah, I will share an email, but I can access by. Yeah.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
And the mean, in the meantime, Tara, let's get copies of all the presentations that are used in workshops. Because previously we had them on a shared folder. Now, if we don't, let's have a copy and move them to that folder that we have, even if it's through emails, okay? Yes, Tara?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
I've already uploaded the ones that Rocio shared with us this morning.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Okay, okay, great, thanks. Let's go to the calendar and I'll show some.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Tara, Adi, you'll be sharing or you want me to share if there is something to be shared?

Roumanos, Hadi:
I don't have the calendar Tara, so if you can go ahead, I'd appreciate it.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, one minute. That I've opened and shared.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you see? Yes, we can.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK. How do you want to drive this, Hadi?

Roumanos, Hadi:
So at least my suggestion is to start with the high level aspect of each week. And then what we can do is go over the dependencies.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah. So I have four now updated activities. At the plan I will discuss with Rufio to add anything that I've missed. Same for dependencies and logistic checklist. They are still work in progress, but I've added the initial set of dependencies and logistics that will be required. So for I've included the Last week of Jan because. We still have of this FDD submission pending. Which is why it's marked in red.

 Coming to this week. Is it FDD or FSD? I call it functional design document. Is it FSD or FSD?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
It's FSD so.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, let's let's go.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
There's the same document.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. OK.

Madhavan, Tara:
So, uh, we are in this week. Current week we have a for V1 configurations printable for V1. End user identification should be in progress, but, uh, I, uh, it's it's as as far as I know from Kyle, waiting for that now to send out the memo and templates. Then training strategy is. To be done, but it's dependent on we don't Tara.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
We don't want to go into the status. We just want to cover those to make sure it's clear what is needed in each. Because otherwise we will never finish. First, the idea behind this discussion is what do we have over the Are we aligned? Are there things that are at risk that we can highlight them because we're not in a good shape, be it a training, be it a UAT or SIT, et cetera? That's one. The second is knowing that and how slow some things are or multiple approvals, which ones are also a red flag because they are in four weeks but we barely make it on time.

 That's for me what the purpose of this.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And if we can add also, that's not just Tara or Raoul's brain, so if anybody else has any additional activities to add in those weeks that are important for us to track and account for, please point them out, yeah?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, yeah, definitely. The idea is, that's why rather than go through the status, we'll go through them and ask anything at this level that is basically that we're missing, that we need to add, update, etc. And if there are some items from Raoul's list that should be added, we'll do, if not immediately during the call, maybe we'll take it offline, but it's the same logic. And if there are some items that are not very valid, not important, we can just eliminate them.

 Okay. Would you like to drive or Tara should?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, I think some of the things related to like right now we are in week of third Feb, right? So we should and we have only three weeks left as part of the current project plan of way one. Is that correct? Which means.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
FSD.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
As for the revised project plan, we have three weeks of build left for the Wave 1. So at the end of the week of 24 to 28, column F, the expectation is all the build activities for Wave 1 are complete. This means all the open points related to Wave 1 are closed and configured. All the FSD documents for Wave 1 are submitted, completed, approved, and the build-related activity for Wave 1 are complete.

 And I see these two things as a risk, considering that for Wave 1, we are discussing about one FSD. We still need to have maybe two more FSDs. But then defining FSD is making sure that those are reviewed and approved that's an activity and on top of it doing the actual configuration in S4 HANA is another activity which needs to happen on like critical path.

Rocio Minguillon:
So you have two more FSD for wave one Rahul you are mentioning?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yes so right now the FSD for wave one we have decided we We've considered only the interface-related things, but then we also have the master data update from IBP to S4 HANA. That's a separate FSD. Also, there is this discussion to create the mutton reservation from IBP to S4 HANA, which means all these items which triggers from IBP to S4 HANA, separate objects, becomes a separate FSD item which needs to be detailed out, discussed, and then reviewed, approved, and then the build activity should happen, right?

 So right now.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, and Bastian and Reinaldo, are you considering these two extra FSD for Wave 1? Or if not, let's align, because yeah, Rahul, that's definitely one point that should be there as dependency, you know, as Tara is adding.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
But I wasn't aware of that two additional FSD for Wave one yeah yeah in my mind in my mind it was only one and even put all the points regarding to reservation and the customer that we need to create two material valuation so maybe we can get together in the meeting that we have in a half hour and discuss this point yeah so that's that's one critical point which we need to have a one-room kind of situation and

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
make sure that the FSDs are closed, updated, approved, and we are able to finish the development in the next three weeks. That's the first risk with respect to the FSD.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Can we do a quick pass first on the items, then check the status? Because this becomes a status update, which is not the purpose. I'm concerned, are we all aware what needs to happen this week? If it's not in good shape, immediately put a red flag. Let's not because otherwise we'll not finish. And that's why we can color code. The main point is everyone should have this visibility that this is in red because we're late, but not resolve it now.

 We will not have the chance to resolve it. Yes. We'll add it as a risk. We'll talk it offline. What I'm concerned about, we're not all on the same page. Someone is sucked into configuration now and they do not know that starts, they need to have 1, 2, 3, and they have no idea what is 1, 2, 3 is, be it the list of scripts on ALM, be it some technical things, et cetera. Yeah. So let's please refocus, finalize this list, color code it if we know for now.

 So some of them last week and this week, we know they're in red because they're not in good shape. The ones in the future should not be colored unless there is something. From now, we know it's going to be met, it's actually already borderline.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fair? Can we restart? Yes.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So Tara, can you put this FSC point as red? Or it's already red.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's already done, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, all right, all right. So you can also put the open points as red because something like the numeral configuration, we've not even working towards defining what data is required and then the new reference material. We've agreed upon a solution, but it's not part of the current design validation workshop. So there are open points which we need to close, but which are not part of the design validation workshop.

 What happens to them? We need, we have three weeks to.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So what's the idea? Do you need to add something? Yes. So let's please be more efficient. If there is something to be added, let's add it.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
points from wave one, which are not discussed in the design validation sessions. And then the open points from design validation session, impact of that in the build. These are the two things which I see as risk, because we only have three weeks to close all this.

Rocio Minguillon:
Sorry, but that is in the number. It's already in red. The cell that I am on. Open point for way one closed, all way one FSD approved. That has to be done.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So I don't know.

Rocio Minguillon:
I'll remove this step. Because these are like the dependencies, no? Or yeah, I'm a little bit confused about that.

Madhavan, Tara:
No, but shouldn't we be tracking whether these discussions are happening?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, so I think we should highlight them in this week because if we are able to close on at least identifying what's required this week, then it will create action for next three weeks. So yeah, OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So it should be something very short. Open points from what you T from Wave 1 UT.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, open front from Wave 1 UT and open points which are not even discussed in.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
We cannot write sentences that it has to be something short. It's it's in a task list. Not so. Open points for Wave 1 UT. Simple.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Now there are two additional risks other than open points and this is the MRO process change what we are aligning and then the drilling process change what we are aligning. So we have already revised the drilling and MRO process. So we are in process of Raul, what are the items on top?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Are we on track with those? Are we? So let's go through them. The idea is to have a You have so many things in your brain, but I don't want this to be a one-sided discussion. The idea is, per the plan that Hadi and Tara have, this is what needs to be done. Let's just go quickly. So Wave 1 UT, it's in progress. I think it will spill till next week. Wave 1 configuration sprint 2, good, bad, ugly. Wave 1 end user.

 Let's go through. And Tara, either we need to make them as bullets so we know what each of the items is done because right now it's spilling to multiple lines, but I let you handle this later. Yeah. Wave one training strategy, wave one pilot data for prep. The ones that are not that important we can kill, but the idea is everyone is aware what's coming, especially for the few remaining weeks. Is that fine?

 Can we go this way? So wave two, it's in good shape. Wave 1 UAT so far it's fine but it has to be also up till next week because of the drilling part.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So here wave 1 UT while we are while we have we are completing the session the UT is not complete unless we do the drilling and the points.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
That's why we're saying it will spill till next week.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So Tara you need Next week also wave on YouTube.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. No, no, no in activities.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, sorry.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, Sprint 2 configuration is going well. Sprint 2 configuration.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Bastian Osorio, can you confirm Sprint 2 configuration status?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I'll do one thing so that I'll make sure everyone is with us and on board. Whatever we do not get any red flag is in good shape, and then we'll proceed. So wave one, config sprint two, I'll assume it's good. Wave one, end user identification, this is still red or amber. So let's make it orange, Tara.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Wave one, end user identification.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Mohamed, just for that, they said that But they had a due date there for the 12th of February in the memo.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
One week from now.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Why did they do this? That's what they wanted to put in. We informed them that we need this in a matter of days, but they're not listening. And they said that it would probably take longer than that. Most likely. Yeah, and I'll tell Al-Amiri about this. I'll tell them your business team are much longer to identify who would be the users will go live without those users.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's fine.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Because basically this is becoming everyone is relaxed on unless on except us. Training strategy is related, right? Yes, so also orange. What is this wave and pilot data?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I think pilot data we can get pilot data for preparation.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, let's get it.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I don't think it's applicable anymore.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, but after the planet still ongoing, do you want me to remove it?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Uh, anyone has an objection is are we still in that phase?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We only need drilling data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
That's still wave one, so it's but that's not pilot data. Pilot data was needed before for some examples. Yeah, yeah, I think we can. Overall data is needed across.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, now we've come to phase where it's going to pilot and you can.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
You can say wave one data and put it orange. Just wave one data.

Rocio Minguillon:
Exactly when I update that on this I'm taking into consideration all the data, not pilot data. How is Wave 2 configuration sprint? It's green, it's okay.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
This week we are finalizing.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Okay, open points for Wave 1 UT.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
one more activity in this week. We have annulled on the call the development configuration of interface for development. AdNoc development box interface configuration. So we know that the add-on was installed on development box. We also wanted to the development box to the...

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Because we need to go faster.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
If it's something good, bad, ugly, orange, red, green. I don't know. Reinaldo or Kunal, are you aware of this activity which is happening?

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Is it happening? Yeah, yesterday I activated all the structure on development. So that's okay, but we are waiting for the service user to connect because we yet don't have SNC connection. So that's where we are right now.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So this is something you need support or is this ongoing? Will we be able to finish this by Friday?

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
It's in progress and the help that I need is for the service users right now for development.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
All right so there is work happening and people are aware and that something is to be done by admin.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Sheth, Kunal:
And Rahul, for the IRBP add-on, one ERP is completed. But for Buruj, we received an email from Ananda saying that they are waiting for the project dev system to be refreshed. Then only they will be able to do the add-on installation.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yes. So this person will plan the Buruj development interface config activities in the next week of 10th February. But I don't even copy this. And the next week of like your voice was breaking. The last point I'd not gave interface.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
You can copy and then make it root dev interface and move it to next week. Are they green or red or what? The black ones for now for just in the interest of time are green. Is that that first one is orange. I understand that because we don't have the service user.

Rocio Minguillon:
It's orange or are we going to be able to have that? I'm talking about ad-hoc. I'm talking about ad-hoc.

Reinaldo Gutierrez:
Yeah, about one ERP. So what we need to do is have a meeting with Kaiser to set the user password on the data store, OK? That's the activity.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, that's the activity. Because service users was created, right? We have the service users.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Guys, I just want to start this. Guys, I just want to start this.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We can keep it in good shape.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Amaro and drilling process. This is orange until tomorrow we resolve it, right? Yes, this is orange. So Amaro drilling and process is orange. So this is an idea team. Why do this?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Because I think we need to make Amaro drilling red because even if we are trying to close it, we still have only three weeks to close the entire build. If the process definition changes, it takes us back. So I would like to make it red.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Fine, so this is one of the reasons. This is a reality check of where we are. If any of those built in the week after it has a dominant effect, then we're screwed. Yeah, OK. Uh? What's identification? Next next week.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
February 10th and 14.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
It's a big one. You can use that identification. Tara in the next column. Tara in column D. Yeah, what's the first time you go through it, please?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, identification is.

Madhavan, Tara:
OK, wave one come. I'm going to ignore that because I don't think that's.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, wave one config config of sprint three based on what we have. Right now. Are we in good shape?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Is there any concern? Hector and Vashon can confirm.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
For future weeks, if we have a suspicion that because of our status of all dependencies that we have, we're not in good shape, we'll flag them from now as red and in the dependencies below, we can mention This way, at least this time that we're spending is not wasted. So wave one config three, because sprint two for wave one seems to be okay. And also sprint one for wave two. Sprint three, is it at risk or it's fine?



Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I think it should be at risk because the definition.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
But I would like them to answer. I have Bastian and Rocio.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
don't have vaccine anymore or this is not the full list? I'm here, I'm here. Yeah sorry because we can only see a subset for whatever reason.

Bastian Osorio:
Okay. I think we're in good shape we need to review a few observations made during the last couple of days in the sessions but overall it's So wave one config sprint three is okay.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Enablement of CIDS.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I have a concern here. When we are seeing wave one config sprint three is okay, are we considering all the open point definition for wave one, including the reference material solution for both chemicals and also the drilling solution? Because we still don't have the drilling data to complete the config. Yeah, you're right. I'm just speaking about mro chemicals for drilling we of course are blocked as for my understanding this this should be uh not be okay this should be right because uh uh yeah I I still I have not shown a lot of the like the the entire new metal discussion that's not nothing has happened there which means if you're not even drilling or for what for for mro as well for mro for chemicals the the current sprint we did not show anything for reference material solution which means it has to be part of the print tree and same for chemicals.



Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Now we have also here we need to consider everything that we have documented in FSD right so the RICEF are also part of config.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Config yes so if the FSD itself is not approved then or completely defined then how will we complete the configuration based upon the open FSDs in So we have Bastian with us and the team.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I'm happy to change it, but we have a different view. So Bastian thinks, maybe Bastian because we have three weeks for it and your view is for next week, Raul?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, because if we are...

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Is this how much time we have for it, Tara?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Three weeks? Yes. Yeah, three weeks. Okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, yeah, I agree with both. I mean, I already helped Tara to put there the dependencies I understand that Sebastian is not worried about the open points of MRO and chemicals, but still there are open points, so we can put it as a red or as an orange.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, it's not that I'm not concerned, it's that I'm concerned regarding some of the open points regarding the MRO and chemicals, but I think for me the most urgent thing is drilling, because at least we've been able to address what I believe, let's say, 70% of the topics in MRO and chemicals, but for drilling we haven't seen anything. So, yeah, I mean, yeah, but yeah, they need to be read.

Hector Palacios:
I would say, Dionisio, that drilling for me on demand side now is much less than before, right? The main focus of Julian should be wave two. So it's a concern, but I wouldn't say that it's like red.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so wave one, sprint three is orange, and then when we get to wave two, we'll confirm that, Hector. At least we shouldn't be relaxed, but since we have three weeks, again, this is a live document. As we progress, if we get in a worse shape, we'll do the same. Logically, this one versus the risk that they're just a mirror image or different side of the same picture. Yeah, it's just telling us where we are.



Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So by the end of next week, if you're not able to close any of the definition, then it it turns red because then it will.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so if we're talking now it needs attention, but it's not. Otherwise will turn everything SSO enablement of CIDS. Is this something that should stay or yeah?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I don't think it's it's required. Right now it should be at the end of SIP.

Rocio Minguillon:
No, no, it's not required, but actually I think that Kunal asked Reinaldo which date for us is better and we were thinking on next week because that means that the integrations will not be available during that week. So we think that this is a better moment.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Let's discuss this point separately, but I feel this should move to at the end of SIT before UIT.

Rocio Minguillon:
OK, let's discuss it, but it will be a problem because then we are in the UT of Web 2. But yes, let's.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah. I agree with your point. It is not very urgent, but we need to complete this activity as a part of STD deliverable.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Then we leave it green or black, which means green for now. Wave 1 data is orange because if it's now, it means it will be carried over until further notice.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Wave one, training content development.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, who's working on training content development?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So I just talked to Mo, is Mo with us?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So as soon as he finishes with you, he'll start working on this. So until we have a visibility next week, let's keep it green or black, and then we'll see. Yeah, we already started working on that with the change management team and some I think here, Mo will be trying in a way, Mo will align with you, Rocio, so that we have basically one person orchestrating for the different roles. So let's say designing this whole training structure.

 So he'll check with you. If you started on the content, that's great. He will say, these are the different groups or roles that we have. These are the different So for a person in supply and MRO or inventory versus MRO, etc, they would be different. So we know what is a common set of content or training to be given, like orientation, and then after that, something specific to each person. So Mo and Kushboo, but since Kushboo is now swamped with other things, Mo will drive a line with you and then we'll on the content.



Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, but Kyle and Nikita and all the change management team was already on that. So Mo, you should contact them to see. Yeah, yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We'll align internally.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So Mo will talk to Kyle.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure. Yeah, yeah. I'll align with CMT.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
But Wave 2 config sprint 2 already next week will be sprint 2 for Wave 2.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That fast?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So we are finishing the Can you go to the plan?

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, no, something that I want to ask Sebastian is the networking definition, the supply network definition. Is that done? Because that was a stopper for wave 2.

Bastian Osorio:
So yeah, but the thing is that we have a good news in that regard. We had a meeting, we stopped with Regina and she indicated us that there is a way that SAP will release a new algorithm that will make the distribution, the stock balancing easier without the need of creating endless combination because here we have a huge risk that if we want to basically connect every single location to another every single location the amount of combinations that we will have will be massive and that of course will have a huge impact in the system performance We were looking for alternatives, centralized stock and different things.

 And then we come up, we had a meeting with SAP and they come up with the solution, which is called stock balancing, which will be ready to be tested now.

Rocio Minguillon:
So, Basti, Spring 2 for Wave 2, now it's green. I mean, we are OK to continue.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Let's switch back to the Excel sheet. If there is any a hiccup, please check it later so that, but it seems that wave one will finish this week, wave two will be next week. So based on what you mentioned, Bastian, which one is in orange, wave sprint two? That concern you have about... I think that's what they mentioned. Is it resolved or you need to wait for Regina to give you the final answer?

Bastian Osorio:
No, I mean, she already gave us a good brief regarding how the algorithm will work, but we need to test it. We need to confirm that this solution works as we need it, as we expect it. Okay, I have a request here.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I know you're in touch with Regina, but when there is something that you could involve Kunal or the team, either if not on the call, if it's not practical, just at least in the email or the summary, so that at least we have that visibility, please.

Bastian Osorio:
Okay, I will forward the email to you.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so it was email, not phone call? No, it was a call. Okay, so if possible, I mean, just add Kunal. Kunal, I think, would be the main party to be joining. If he couldn't, at least based on the email, this way we have that And we don't need to ask so many questions about that, OK?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Alright, yes, so thanks next week then in the week of so no wave one new UT still even UT still it's it's still orange I think so.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I think the open points will have to carry over also open points of wave one UT. Can you hear us?

Rocio Minguillon:
I can't help, let me one second.

Hector Palacios:
In the meantime, I have a point related to the interface configuration. So for web one, we have on the February, this week basically, we have is on black, but should be red, I think, because this needs to also consider the integration for drilling that we don't know anything about it. Which one is that, Hector?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Wave 1 sprint 2 or wave 2 sprint 1?

Hector Palacios:
I see it on the C2, the last one.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Hector, that was more from SAP IBP interface. If you need to add another point which you want to add, probably we can one more bullet.

Hector Palacios:
But there is no interface with drilling, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We think the file would be the template we have defined, the template is gone to drilling for data and we'll use the template till interface. Which is like an integration.

Rocio Minguillon:
That point is only a technical point, like they are talking about the accessibility to the systems, but the point that you are raising is already considered on the configuration sprint. That is why it's so hard.

Hector Palacios:
We cannot mix because on configuration we are going to be great, but then on integration we are going to be very bad.

Rocio Minguillon:
So it's difficult to keep the... That's a good point. So maybe I will create like two. So this is functional. So we have functional and then we have...

Hector Palacios:
We lost the screen.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Who's driving?

Rocio Minguillon:
Either way, we need to connect to DWDS or whatever it is.

Hector Palacios:
So we need to connect to that system that we don't know anything about it and we don't know if it is feasible. So I see it as a risk.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, we can identify but that's the discussion we are having, right? The last meeting we had.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I think you know it's fine if yeah, let's when we're disagreeing, let's put it as a risk. I'm happy to move it as green, but we cannot see the screen.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Now you want me to present. It seems like you are traveling and you may not be able to present.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you? Can you tell me where the list is?

Madhavan, Tara:
It's in the PMO folder. I have created a new folder called Activity tracker, it's inside that.

Rocio Minguillon:
Activity tracker.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, because we need to go faster with the edits, please.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's just a bit painful. Yes, here I am.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK, so Hector, your point was, your point was wave one sprint.

Hector Palacios:
one interface for drilling is not right for me because we don't know at least with SAP we know what we need to do but for this additional system we are not even sure how we are going to connect.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Sorry Rocio you're on a completely different week which one sorry Hector can you point us to which week and which you're going to for Or I'm not able to follow.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
C2.

Hector Palacios:
So, I'm not developing interface configuration.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Last one, yeah. Okay. So, this one is orange, Jordan.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, yeah, but I am adding that point because this is about something else, that it was Rahul.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, let's add one more bullet ratio for... Yes.

Hector Palacios:
...an additional point.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yes, yes, yes. That's the idea if there is something missing we need to but uh Rocio you changed because the point is called like this I mean it's way one configuration sprint integration yeah but it was it was sprint three that's why

Rocio Minguillon:
you fixed it now it's okay yeah yeah sorry yeah now we're okay so uh the integration integration and Yeah, exactly the integration. It's now the problem that it's going to affect also the functional on the on the next weeks if we don't get that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
But it will only impact drilling, right? Or it's across the board.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
It's it.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
It is across the board because integration FSD that also not there, right? So drilling for sure. One point is mentioned, but so that's that's all.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Rahul, so the solution will stop. I'm not talking about FSD. This is something that it will impact learning, but MRO and chemical can continue, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, but then for MRO and chemical, we don't have the interface to update the mass data from IV to S4. That's also an interface, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So which means even for the rest, it's not in good shape.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Yeah, so that's why I said FSD not only stops us, the interface itself.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So FSD not in terms of completion of the document even the readiness of the integration is not there?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Not there that's what because you have FSD in the FSD will define how you want to do the interface.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So yeah but I think it the term is misleading it's or in this case it's not only finishing the document it's actually the design itself. Yes. And why are we late? Because so we know it's It's a template for drilling. And we know for the others, we'll use extractives. So what is basically delaying us?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I don't know. We need to have the FSD first, design approved, and then start working towards it. That's why I'm saying three weeks are not sufficient.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
That's why I was saying the sprint isn't read. But we agreed it's orange.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, no.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
What I'm not clear on, why is FSD late?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
We know how we're getting the data, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah. Interface.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, I think the understanding what Reinaldo mentioned that his understanding of the only one FSD is required, which is the interface from SAP to IBP, but not other way around. And I'm saying we need the FSD for other way around, IBP to SAP as well. We have not even discussed about it.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK, so this is definitely that. And I'm assuming it's on our list of issues. OK, so this is a question. Carries over till next week, FSD, since we're off, we're Tuesday, today? Today, Tuesday. But most probably will be till next week also, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, FSD, at least we, the target for FSD is to be completed this week, get it approved side, because if we are not even finishing FSDs, how will we be able to complete the build in the next three weeks if we are not finishing the documentation of what is to be done?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So the point...

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So do we have one We have one, we have two, three.

Rocio Minguillon:
That is what we need to align in the next. That is what we need to align in the next session because we are not aligned on we have three, but we have a session after this by Rahul Vastinan.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So we have based upon all the discussions we've had up till now, we we need three FSDs. One of the FSD is getting reviewed and sent, That's the biggest one for enabling data from SAP to IBP. Now, there are two more FSDs, which IBP to SAP.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Let's move on. No, no, no. All documents we had either combined demand inventory and one for supply. Is there one FSD for wave one and another one for phase two? No. Or wave two? Or what is the logic? Is because if we're not in sync, then even this one, useless as a list.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So the FSD is based upon the functionality, like what functionality we are trying to achieve. It's a functional specific document of how that specific thing will work.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I know, but why can't we follow the same logic? We merge demand and supply and inventory into one wave. Can't we do the FSD for those?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
No, FSDs are related to the action which is logic has to be consistent across what we're doing.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Fair enough, but for us to finish the scope of wave one.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
How many FSDS do we need?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Whether it's 10 or it's two or three, so that's three for wave one. Yes, we have more for wave two. Yes, is everyone on the same page with this?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
That's what we had one conversation from two conversations before to make sure everyone is on the same page, but apparently I don't think we are. We are there yet, After this hurdle. Just to make sure everyone is on the same page.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, so first of all, it's not wave 2 FSD.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Maybe wave 2 FSD will be needed next week. Yeah, but for this week it's wave 1 FSD FSD's FSD's and they're in red. Yes, so for February 3rd three to seven ratio it should be wave 1 FSD's multiple.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We should, we should take out anything which is there from week 27 because the last week is already gone.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
There's no point putting things there because we can control.

Madhavan, Tara:
Why are you adding wave 2 FSDs also this week? Because as per the delivery plan, it was, yeah.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Rocio Minguillon:
So the thing is that we are delayed on the wave 1 FSD. We need to have this I mean.

Madhavan, Tara:
As per the plan, we were supposed to get submit and get approval for wave one FSD during last week of Jan and first week of Feb was for wave two.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK. So they're both in.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Not in good shape, yeah. OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So next week, what else? We have SSO enablement. We'll take that out.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We'll discuss that, we'll take that out. It's not, I mean, if it's embedded in something, yes, let's remove it.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
No, but it's not even something priority.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
OK, yeah, let's get it.

Rocio Minguillon:
Let's remove SSO enablement. We don't have confirmation on if we are going to do it next week or not. I mean, it's green. Let's keep it there, but green, no?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
OK, fine. If we can focus more on the FSDs and integration part probably I don't want the integration team to spend on SSL enablement.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah but let's if it's needed let's keep it because if it's dropped it's needed sometime right? Yeah. If we want to push it let's create this first baseline of this cut off.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So this is again covered in the risk to risk what we have right from the conditional approach of SDD.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
The risk is basically our risk log. This is a mirror image for in terms of actions. So there should be nothing there that we're assuming we'll go to the risk and figure it out. It should be an action here, right? Because the risk is saying complete FSD or figure out MRO or points. So all the actions are here.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So if we are putting this here, then essentially we're killing that risk log. Why we cannot kill that then?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Because this is basically This is a timeline and status. When you have a progress update, you have the different activities and red, amber, green, right? Yes, that's your project, your plan, and then you'll have the risks impacting it. Anyway, let's I mean, let's align now on how this this is a timeline. Just that having that discussion, not us being aligned is in itself a alarming. So because it seems everyone is working on a different, and I'm concerned, I mean, if the team is working on the project plan, and some of those are not in good shape, but no one is raising the flag.

 So some of those things are not even on the risk law, and they're in red. They're there in the risk law. But not everything. And if it's there, that's a good cross check.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Better.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
All right.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
What is this purple color, Rocio, please?

Rocio Minguillon:
The SSTN enablement, since we are not cleared. Just something to call our attention and reschedule it or whatever, but I can't like put anything else.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Okay, fine. Wave one data, we have it this week and it will spill till next week. Wave one training content development, it will inherit the same color. So, I don't know, we said it's okay. Yeah. Sprint two, how does it look like,

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Wave two sprint two.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
I'll assume it's green because wave one wave two sprint one so far is good. Any objections?

Rocio Minguillon:
That is the Regina thing that I was asking Bastian if we should put this on in orange or if we keep it on green.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
My understanding is he said it has been resolved. I'll let Bastian confirm. If it's green, he said there is a workaround and let's move wave one UT to the top Yeah, anyway, we'll reorder them next, but the idea is by way. Rouge config we discussed. Rouge dev interface technical config. It should not be right. It should be black because anyway it's it will be planned next week only.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
No, if it's not in good shape, already.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
We said we'll keep it red or orange. What is it?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We discussed that by the end of this week, if we get access, it would be good, so we are tracking.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So then Boroorange, just to remember to check it. So Boroorange is orange. And open points of wave one. Let's keep it like this for now. If we progress the then we can improve it next week.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Time.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
The week after. It's going to be an interesting session. So by then we will. This orange color ratio is really very hard to read, but anyway, wave one config sprint three.

Rocio Minguillon:
It's still red because of the things that we already talked about.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, it's orange. When do we have this?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
When is it supposed to be done? What?

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
We have three weeks for it, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, so all the three weeks will become orange now. These three weeks. Okay, fair.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
What about wave two? First of all, anything carried over from February 10 to February 17?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I don't think that. I think that we'll get updated in the next week or two. Right now, let's look at whether any of the activities are listed today.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, the ones we know. So these are the ones we know, right? Yeah. So wave one, let's kill this pilot data. Let's call it wave one. Isn't there wave two data? Shouldn't this be ready also part of February 17 activities, wave two data?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
There should be wave two data similar to wave one data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So if we're keeping for this week, last week, wave one data ratio, we'll put wave two data for week of 17 for sure.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, and also this has to be divided into integration and functional. Yeah, but the wave one pilot data you can replace it with wave two data.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
And so, uh, Rocio, when will we have the design validation for Sprint Wave 2?

Rocio Minguillon:
Sorry, can you repeat the what? Design validation? Design validation, yeah, okay. Yeah, I sent to Tara a calendar these two weeks, Wave 2 UT. So this, Tara is reviewing the thing about Ramadan, if they are going to be available or not.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
But why did we jump that far?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Let's finish Feb 17. Checking whether it is this week.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK, so Feb 17 Wave 1 training content development is still ongoing. Wave 2 config sprint 2 you split it if you want to do the same in Feb 10. You can do this later or just fix it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We have to change this Excel because this is yes, OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So. Wave two, sprint two, and I'm assuming that it becomes sprint three later. Any concerns there? So if it's green in Feb 10, I'm assuming it's in good shape.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Wave two data, any concerns?

Rocio Minguillon:
Drilling, Tim? Because this is the same. We also have drilling on wave two. It's even more important. As we still have weeks. That is why we are not raising it, but drilling is a is a problem in wave 2. OK, then orange. OK. But it's. It's gonna be orange. The configuration No? Maybe the point is when it starts to be a problem, the data problems in Wave 2.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, yeah. And plus, I mean, we put it OK for this week, Wave 2 configuration sprint 2. So we shouldn't change it.

Rocio Minguillon:
It's good for now. Exactly. So when do you think, Basti, that this is going to be a problem? When is unit testing? The two weeks, the three 10th of March.

Hector Palacios:
So two weeks before it's going to be red.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
The week of 17th Feb.

Rocio Minguillon:
So it will become red in the week of 17th Feb.

Hector Palacios:
Yes because for this UAT they will they won't allow us to to go without integrated data We don't have excuse right now. Sorry, what does this mean or what are we referring to now?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So what he is saying is if the design validation workshops are in the week of 3rd March, then two weeks before we need data and if the data is not available two weeks before then it becomes red. So we're already highlighting that considering we don't we know that the data is not.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, but is that does that mean wave 2 data is in red or also the configuration sprints.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
That's right. Because the configuration sprints are depending on data. So data itself is not available. We will not be able to finish the configuration with respect to the data we have.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So if that's the case, then it will continue to be read, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Unless it improves next week.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So let's kill pilot data in Feb 24.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
We'll discuss now your AT test prep and training content. Wave two, config sprint two. Okay, so those are red. Wave one, your AT test prep. Now, I think not in this session, the dependencies work with Tara and Hadi or just to fill this, but I think some of them are self-explanatory. If there is anything below, then your list maybe can help in some dependencies. But so, UAT test prep. First of all, where do we have this week test scripts or test scenarios approval.

 We need to add it, Rocio. So this week, Feb 10, we have test scenarios approval. What's the approval we need to be able to load on ALM?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We need scenarios, but we also need scripts before the SID.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so first here's scenario. So Feb 10, Rocio, we need to add No, in the activities.

Rocio Minguillon:
Wave one wave one test scenarios approving.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
It's the list, not the scripts. That's what we discussed a couple of times before that at the end of the sessions will tell them these are the scripts. The scenarios that we discussed. And they will be used for for later. Yeah, now is it in green? Are people OK with that? OK, we just need every session.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
We are asking checking and we are for additional scenarios. OK, let's need to send a summarized medical exactly.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So let's also copy it till next week so we don't think it's done.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
It's already in the next week because we are right now in the vehicle.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, no, we were weak. Sorry, you're right. Sorry Rocio, you're my bad. Added to this week and to Feb 10. This way we try to get as possible and close it next week. OK, yeah, because I think it shifted left.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, sorry.

Rocio Minguillon:
OK. So. OK, anything to be added during Feb 17?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Sorry, Feb 24 other than UAT prep. So UAT prep. The scripts in the week of 24 because if the if the is it in 24 or even in you mean the scripts?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
I don't know. Scripts well, since I started, I started working on the scripts. Yes, because we need scripts in the week of 3rd March because we're starting you in the week of 10th March, which means we'll need a site in the week of 10th month, which means by the 3rd month we need scripts uploaded on the LM system.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Is there anything preventing us from adding wave one scripts on ALM in Feb 17? If the scripts are ready, no elements is. So let's wait wave one. Wave one scripts for Feb 17 and Feb 24. Yes, wave one scripts on ALM.

Rocio Minguillon:
So but when? Sorry so now we are we are approving the scenarios and then when we need to upload them in ALM I mean before SIT. That's why if we can start on Feb 17 it's better because it's on ALM we don't know the rules we'll see and then copy it also till Feb 24. Okay but in ALM which is We just need to upload it in the format that they sent. So I mean, we don't need two weeks.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So that is what I am asking. Probably we'll put two weeks considering we need time to process.

Rocio Minguillon:
We're all assumption. Until we have done an activity and we can guarantee, let's give it more time. This is ad hoc. OK, yes, yes. So the format that we already provided, it's the format that will be enabled So what do we need? Are you sure?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Until we load one script on ALM, but I'm not sure what's your concern. Are we starting too early or you think we need more time?

Rocio Minguillon:
No, I don't understand. What do we have to do between this activity and this activity? These are the scenarios. Yes, yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Oops, I can't. We can't hear you.

Rocio Minguillon:
Did anyone press any button?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Can you hear me now? Yeah.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK, so what I'm saying once we get between this week and next week approval on scenarios, per scenario, we need to start loading them on ALM. I don't know how long it takes. There might be it works or it's not correct or different format. So let's start on the 17th, close by 24. Does that answer your question?

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, but the scripts that we provided, Rahul, do you think that those are scenarios? But because they are the test scripts, I mean, they have all the detail on each scenario. Rocio, I know, but we need to load them on ALM until we On the on the 17th. OK, perfect.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, and then we start loading and check what outlook are expecting. We might need more time, so let's be on the safe side.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, perfect.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
They don't. They don't validate an Excel. They say have it on ALM. So until then we need to be because this has a dominant effect on everything. No scripts, no site, no UAT, no nothing.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Perfect also also no show in the In the next two weeks, we also need to, based on the discussion in the unit testing, the scenarios are getting added, which means we need to add additional scenarios also to the scripts or whatever we have. So there are standard scenarios, there are new scenarios, and everything needs to be finished in those two weeks so that we are ready for SIT.

Fakhouri, Mohamad:
Perfect. I have a question that AdNoc provides a template for a script template that can be loaded in Yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
All right, anything else which we need to consider in the month of February before? So March 10 is the SIT week, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So from an SIT perspective, we need just let's double check anything for wave 2 that so config sprint 2, where is config sprint 2? 3 for wave 2. So wave 2 we finished.

Rocio Minguillon:
Here and the 10th of March it's the sprint 3 starts.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Still after? Okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
Last 10. So let's fix first week of March based on whatever you color-coded, whatever is being carried over. So here we have the Wave 2 UT. My question is, do we need something that waits before to ensure Wave 2 UT? The users are already identified because they are the same that are participating now? Yes. Okay, so we are... Is it?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Do we have the users for everything, not only demand the inventory?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, because supply planning is mostly the inventory.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
The only reason I'll put it in orange is to try to book ASAP because March is Ramadan, so things will become very interesting.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
The second thing we need to also look at Hector and Bastian is in the wave 2 unit testing. We should be looking at the entire data available for testing, which means in the week in the previous week, all the data related to work should be should be completed before we do UT, which means all the data activities, whatever we are planning should be finished February 20, week of February 24, so that in the UT, we show the entire thing to them and get their confirmation.



Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, but this is already read, no? Like, they wait to data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, so the idea is that in the next three weeks, we finish the entire thing on data, so that- So let's add those items if they're not there, but- It's there, Wave2Data and Wave1Data, both are there, and both are read, But we just want to make sure that that dependency is clear. If you have to do unit testing, they would need all the data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
They've been very clear about the data. Yeah. So on March 3rd, by then we would have finished sprint 3 of wave 1, UAT carry over wave 2, configure sprint, still sprint 2. So let's color code them and run. Ideally in Feb 17 and 24 we should get the data. So data should not be in March. Should not be in March. It should be ready. Exactly. Rain and development. This is ongoing.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's fine.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Test prep. So I think February 24, the end of February is a major milestone for for wave one because we need to make sure that all the build activities are complete. Everything related to Wave 1 is from a build perspective has to complete in the month of February. That's one big milestone for us.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
And then with that, we get into March with the- I think we need to do another pass on those based on that list that you got. So what is happening before UAT or between UAT, et cetera.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
So right now, What we have done is only from build to SIT we are showing because here the build finishes and here the SIT starts.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Which is my next question. Yes. So we're only saying UAT test prep. Why not SIT test prep? Because SIT test prep is the data.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Oh, okay. Yeah. We need the data for SIT. We need to identify the data on which we'll do the SIT execution. So we have two weeks of UAT test prep.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
test prep, which is fine, the earlier the better, but we're ignoring SIT, which is earlier or before UAT.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So first of all, what does UAT test prep mean? I think scenarios and data materials to be identified.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Since we're working on wave one, we did the confirming scenario, confirming scripts, pushing them on ALM. What else is needed for UAT test prep? Maybe, Raul, from the activities that you got today. So once March starts, what do we need to prepare for, I think, UAT starts in April, right?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So right now, I think I've made sure that to start SIT, we need whatever we think we need as part of the plan.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
OK, so let's do something. Wave 1 UAT test prep in Feb 24 and March 3. Let's make them red so that we replace them with whatever you understood once you once you replace them they can be green or orange or whatever but until now we need oh actually yes purple is so we know we

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
need to replace or figure out maybe break it down that's a good color so from what I have noted we are good between Dev and SIT now between SIT and And that's why going right is basically going to be

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
even more interesting. But before we we just get just enthusiastic, what we have already 720 we are in space.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK, so let's do one thing.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Rocio, you and Tara. If you can. Based on the following, just fine tune the remaining few weeks. I think we need another session. Yeah, we'll see tomorrow if we start early will align with the rest of the team. Hector, Bastian, I'll let you decide who to bring. But I think the importance of this is we need to decide if there are certain things that require attention from now, shuffling. This is more of a planning exercise.

 Definitely, it's driven by the risk. So most of those red and amber are already in the list. But it will also give us a reality check, at least Anyone thinks this is a waste of time. This will help us figure out Can we or are we on track and are we late? But can we can recover or actually we're not in in a good shape Because some of you attended the steel cool the dates that we promised Are barely accepted so that they're also still checking if we can go technical go live earlier or whatever but most importantly If they approve them, there would be no acceptance of delays.

 So whatever happened with us before, some of the STD thing, the delays, the approval, they're expecting no more delays. So if we suspect that there would be more delays, this is now our chance to highlight whether it's dependent on us, on them, or we'll say, look, we need to go live. Good luck. You didn't give us data. Section blank if it's for drilling etc because in the steel co one of the I think the SVP said Drilling are a bit more mature in terms of planning so we can go live without them and then they they can follow later For example, so some decisions will be taken at least we need to have the right picture.

 Yeah, okay, so Rocio you and Tara if you can update this and please on the dependencies the section the item row below check if it's needed or or what we should put there. If it becomes more automatically, previous week is dependent for this week, if it's needed, just not to have a lot of info that is not useful, okay?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, and Roshan, Tara, I will share an additional file with you tomorrow, which highlights the activities which are required as for right now.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
But I suggest you need to guide them to plug them in the right place. I don't know the approval what did we add now?

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
The testing script. Yeah, a couple of those.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
So at 9 tomorrow, our morning thing, let's also show this Tara and see what else is required. You'll be with us then.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
So I'll align with Tara Rocio so that she's aware of the points and then you guys can then connect separately and finish it up so that in the next session we'll have the entire pilot. It for us.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, okay, okay, sure.

Madhavan, Tara:
Can I send an invite for 11 o'clock tomorrow to connect?

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, yes, yes, okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Rahul, last point, I mentioned to Kyle the LMS story, but if you want to catch up with him right now, feel free to do so.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2:
Sure, thanks for the reminder. Do we have to do it right away? Because I will have to move out of this building.

Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, let's move and you can bring her or she can or or probably maybe in after an hour we want to connect.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Thanks, uh, what works for me? Bastian. After an hour works for you. Reinaldo question. For me it's fine. OK, then let's let's buy an hour and then in the meantime I'll go back to hotel. OK, what time right now are we meeting or later one hour? OK, it's fine for me.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. All right. Thank you.

Rocio Minguillon:
All right.

Mudit, Khushboo (UAE):
Thank you, everyone. Have a nice day.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bye. Thank you. Bye. Bye.

Rocio Minguillon:
Bye-bye.

