{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1735221651245,"end_time":1735221652029,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I am good."},{"start_time":1735221679258,"end_time":1735221706644,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I don't know."},{"start_time":1735221759080,"end_time":1735221765524,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Hello team, how are you?"},{"start_time":1735221765524,"end_time":1735221771550,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Good evening. More or how do you join?"},{"start_time":1735221771550,"end_time":1735221794120,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I? Don't know. So let's assume they will not join considering both of them early and it will continue with this huddle without them considering that So then like you have the discussion Go ahead, Tara."},{"start_time":1735221794120,"end_time":1735221795768,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Go ahead, Tara."},{"start_time":1735221795768,"end_time":1735221804005,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, let's start with the updates. Rahul, do you have any updates to give us?"},{"start_time":1735221804005,"end_time":1735221811144,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yes. Kunal, you want to update the team based upon our call today?"},{"start_time":1735221811144,"end_time":1735221812792,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, sure, sure."},{"start_time":1735221812792,"end_time":1735221820659,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Rocio, I'm in the call. Go to the other room and sit for half an hour."},{"start_time":1735221820659,"end_time":1735221910698,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Yeah, so today we were having a discussion on firewall access with technical team from Adnox side. Sagar, St Tamil and all were there. So based on our yesterday's communication with them, so they suggested to open a request in service now for the web proxy communication. And that was also enabled by them. And then during the testing, we found out that we also need one additional opening from the firewall side, that is HQ firewall, which Kaiser has explained to us.\n\n So today, based on that, Khalid has already raised a request. So on top of that, we have added the comments, whatever we need to put from the technical side so that it can go through. So now, currently, it is pending. Secure risk and compliance as well as security team to approve and once that is done then we will be able to establish a integration between non-PID system that is sandbox between CIDS and the DSS server.\n\n So Rahul I was having a word with Senthamesh before our call and this huddle call so he told that along with Ahmed there is another guy called Rohit Sharma we need to loop in so that once are aligned then I'm going to give an endorsement on this part. So I have requested him to join tomorrow's technical meeting call with Kaiser and then we'll get the approval part."},{"start_time":1735221910698,"end_time":1735221958374,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3"},"words":"So what I would request is Kunal just send a note to all of them together. Lubin, Firas and everyone else saying that this is what is discussed and we need you guys in the call tomorrow to make sure that we are discussing and concluding so that we are assuming that they will join and if they don't join then we'll end up chasing them so let's send this note to all the required people including Kaiser that this is what the status is but this is the urgency and we need all of you in this meeting tomorrow so that we can conclude and discuss and keep Firas and Vignesh and others in the loop and project management team from our side as well so that we are all aware of the So just further on this,"},{"start_time":1735221958374,"end_time":1735221986657,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Tara and Hadi. So we've already started the configuration for the integration. And during the configuration, we realized the connection was not working. That's how this additional step was discovered. So we've partially done the configuration. And once this activity is complete, we'll be able to complete the configuration of the two key ideas. Servers. The interface will get activated."},{"start_time":1735221986657,"end_time":1735221999204,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Is there any way to figure out whether we're expecting any more surprises like this? Does anyone know from outside the entire process so that we don't finish one issue and then hit another?"},{"start_time":1735221999204,"end_time":1735222036748,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Or we don't have that visibility? We don't have that. So at every different point we are getting different people involved and everyone is adding value. So it's kind of evolving as we proceed. Because we're talking all the stakeholders and every time some issue comes probably something new comes up so the same happened today based upon call yesterday we were we were supposed to like whatever we did was supposed to work but when we configured the interface it did not work that's how we that's how this team told us to have this additional firewall so listen what I'm thinking is uh it is what it is now I don't think we can"},{"start_time":1735222036748,"end_time":1735222063721,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"do any anything about it but for later for as I I think we need some sort of written agreement with Firas, with Khaled, to say these are the 5-10 people, whatever they are, that we need to go through to avoid any surprises with people bringing in their own little disagreements on SIT or UAT. Because at that point we can't afford any delays at the time."},{"start_time":1735222063721,"end_time":1735222102020,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Agreed, agreed. So recommendation here is that's what we'll need Kunal and team's help is, Kunal, whatever process we are following, steps we have followed, so you've been through part of everything, let's document it, put the ticket number, put the people and get this validated with AdNoc, so that when it comes to the production, right now what we are doing is pre-pod. But when we go through production, we need to make sure that we don't discover the process and what are process identified as of now which will work for pre-pod, the same has to be followed for production.\n\n The same set of people needs to be involved so that we don't again go through the discovery phase."},{"start_time":1735222102020,"end_time":1735222114942,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Agreed, agreed Rahul. Yeah, so even Vignesh has also told us to track all the requests so that during the production activity cut or activity it should not have a new surprise for us."},{"start_time":1735222114942,"end_time":1735222133422,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"So Tara what I would request is let's add this point on Kunal's name that the step by step process for defining the interface internal approval on Adnoxide so that once this document or the process is ready we can utilize the same for production."},{"start_time":1735222133422,"end_time":1735222140629,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Okay, so we will be adding the people involved from Adnoxide into the document as well?"},{"start_time":1735222140629,"end_time":1735222151438,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yes, entire step which is followed getting different tickets, approvals, different teams involved and people involved and we'll follow the same actions for production."},{"start_time":1735222151447,"end_time":1735222152292,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. OK."},{"start_time":1735222152292,"end_time":1735222155249,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"We see the nodals on the call."},{"start_time":1735222155249,"end_time":1735222156094,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Hi, Reinaldo."},{"start_time":1735222156094,"end_time":1735222159474,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Good to see you after a long time."},{"start_time":1735222159474,"end_time":1735222162009,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Hi, guys. How are you? Hello."},{"start_time":1735222162009,"end_time":1735222169613,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"We missed you in a lot of action. So probably once you are back, things will move out."},{"start_time":1735222173993,"end_time":1735222180831,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"It's counting on you, Ritwan Dhawanal. This was the update on interface."},{"start_time":1735222180831,"end_time":1735222197355,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Tomorrow we expect to have further update in a technical meeting. Hadi or Tara, any other question? Or anyone has any other question from GoSIEM team? On the interface."},{"start_time":1735222201455,"end_time":1735222203200,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"No, I don't think."},{"start_time":1735222203200,"end_time":1735222207997,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"We should still be done by tomorrow, right, Rahul? The configuration?"},{"start_time":1735222207997,"end_time":1735222273999,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Tomorrow, the interface request should, the firewall setup, what is required will get concluded. Then once the steps are confirmed, we need to follow and close the firewall request. Then the firewall setup will get completed. And once we have confirmation that the firewall setup, which is required, is completed, The additional step which we identified today, then we need to have the discussion again.\n\n So today's call was with SAP. So we had raised, Kaiser had raised a support request with SAP to have the configuration done. So there were people from SAP support to execute the steps. We'll have to do this activity again once we have this firewall confirmation. So I don't expect tomorrow the interface will get completed. But at least tomorrow, expectation is that this firewall request gets approved so that the firewall team can confirm on the firewall confirmation.\n\n And once that is done, Kaiser will set up another call with SAP hopefully on Monday."},{"start_time":1735222273999,"end_time":1735222277019,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Rahul, one question from my side."},{"start_time":1735222277019,"end_time":1735222284544,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Sorry if I'm behind on emails. Where are we on the wave one BRD, BPD?"},{"start_time":1735222286003,"end_time":1735222330096,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"All the documents but one is approved. I'm chasing Asma on that, so I've had like 3-4 conversations with her since morning and she's yet to reply. Essentially, the drilling BPD document, her signatures are missing. She said in the chat that she has approved and she's looking where she approved, but I share her the file which we are looking for and showed her that her signatures are missing so after that she has not come back to me I've tried to follow up again with her so that's where so all but one document one signature is pending on the way for design documents.\n\n"},{"start_time":1735222330096,"end_time":1735222345949,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"That's not horrible because I'm just looking at our second milestone which is due end of the month right so probably by Monday Tuesday And Tara, if I'm not mistaken, SDD is not part of Milestone 2, right? No, I don't think so, but I'll check and confirm."},{"start_time":1735222345949,"end_time":1735222350080,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, I think it's due end of Jan, if I'm not mistaken."},{"start_time":1735222350080,"end_time":1735222363107,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"Again, I know what the impact is on the actual project. I'm just looking at it from a milestone perspective. So if we can, if I need to be in Adhoc on Monday, I'll be on site just to chase Asmo."},{"start_time":1735222363107,"end_time":1735222381571,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I hope she'll be able to, yeah, she'll be able give this approval by tomorrow. If not, I've already sent an email. I'll escalate this again tomorrow on email with us. I've sent an email, I'm following up on one chat, but if she does not respond by tomorrow, then I'll have to escalate again with Firas on email tomorrow."},{"start_time":1735222381571,"end_time":1735222426693,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"That's okay, but I think we have tomorrow and a few days next week. That way we can hit our target, so that's good news. All right, second point I wanted to make is, Tara, during our huddles, let's try and make a point to go through the excel with the different priorities even if it's a few seconds on each one just so that everybody keeps track of where are the burning items. So maybe we can do 15 minutes of general update and then 15 minutes we go through that list quickly so that everybody's aware of what the things are that are important for everyone.\n\n Because we worked on it I don't want to just keep it in the locker room and the Uh, if you want one point, uh, Rocio and go same team."},{"start_time":1735222426693,"end_time":1735222458515,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Tomorrow we have the session with Kenan, but now, uh, 11 a.m. Time it conflicts with the technical meeting, which starts at 1130 and considering the priority, we are working on the interface. I don't want to, like, I don't want team members to miss the technical meetings. So is it possible for us to have the session with Kenan at 1030 UAE time? Is this something goes in? Team can manage 30 minutes before the current planned time?\n\n OK, maybe, I don't know, Basti, what do you think?"},{"start_time":1735222458515,"end_time":1735222462295,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"For Arun, I think that it's OK for you, Arun."},{"start_time":1735222462295,"end_time":1735222483006,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yeah, I don't need an India title, and I think that would be OK. Probably, Bastian, will you be able to manage this 30 minutes earlier? At 10.30 UA time, is this something you can manage for tomorrow? Yeah, no problem. OK, if then. Thank you. Thank you so much."},{"start_time":1735222483006,"end_time":1735222490013,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"I'll ask. More to plan this at 1030 tomorrow."},{"start_time":1735222490013,"end_time":1735222506361,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Thank you. Just to add, Rocio had shared a list of questions for Kinan session and I've shared it with Fakuri."},{"start_time":1735222506361,"end_time":1735222508697,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you Tara."},{"start_time":1735222511694,"end_time":1735222523062,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"Hadi, would you be available for about 10 minutes after this call to discuss financial? Me? Sure, yeah. Okay, cool. Me, Cara, and you. Ideally, the sooner the better."},{"start_time":1735222523062,"end_time":1735222536391,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"So what we can do is leave Cara and the team on this call to go through that list of priorities and you and I can jump on a different call to discuss financials."},{"start_time":1735222536391,"end_time":1735222539919,"speaker":{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},"words":"Yeah, let's do it now if we are done."},{"start_time":1735222540128,"end_time":1735222551045,"speaker":{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},"words":"The rest of the team, I don't think so. I want them to go over that list with Tara."},{"start_time":1735222551045,"end_time":1735222568281,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"But for you and I, I think we can jump. That's fine. Yeah, sure. We'll call you in now. OK. OK, so I'll flash the Excel now. Can you see?"},{"start_time":1735222569478,"end_time":1735222570180,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1735222570180,"end_time":1735222575092,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, let me go one by one."},{"start_time":1735222575092,"end_time":1735222577899,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"So firewall we discussed."},{"start_time":1735222577899,"end_time":1735222586321,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Do I mention some ownership here, Rahul? Firewall internally it's been like,"},{"start_time":1735222586321,"end_time":1735222612582,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"Kunal is leading this, so probably we can say Kunal now, but it's a lot of tools. Between Adnok and goes Adnok and the project team, but let's let's keep Kunal as owner for the time being both for."},{"start_time":1735222612582,"end_time":1735222616469,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. Approval I'll keep you."},{"start_time":1735222616469,"end_time":1735222621651,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"Yeah, me. Will mean. Design board approval."},{"start_time":1735222625768,"end_time":1735222629872,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Invoice would be. Adi."},{"start_time":1735222629872,"end_time":1735222635001,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Drilling data this this is."},{"start_time":1735222635001,"end_time":1735222643207,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"This would be. I don't write a message."},{"start_time":1735222643207,"end_time":1735222644233,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1735222644233,"end_time":1735222653703,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"And yeah, due date for. When will we get back to AdNoc?"},{"start_time":1735222653703,"end_time":1735222656909,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Arun, are you here? Yes, Varshan."},{"start_time":1735222656909,"end_time":1735222659581,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"So maybe next week, yeah."},{"start_time":1735222659581,"end_time":1735222693961,"speaker":{"name":"Arun Singh"},"words":"Next week. So before reaching out to AdNoc, I think we should have one session just to review. And maybe we can then get in touch with Vignesh, OK? Because there are a few things. That I need to show. OK, so next week Tuesday we have a technical call. Do you think we can connect with Vignesh on the technical call next week and Monday we can connect?"},{"start_time":1735222693961,"end_time":1735222696265,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Is this something we can?"},{"start_time":1735222696265,"end_time":1735222698108,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yes, yes, that's OK."},{"start_time":1735222698108,"end_time":1735222699491,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"This is fine."},{"start_time":1735222699491,"end_time":1735222700413,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"31st December."},{"start_time":1735222700413,"end_time":1735222701795,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah, sounds good."},{"start_time":1735222701795,"end_time":1735222710873,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I have a question. There's a session regarding the same thing. Addition of new rigs, what is that about?"},{"start_time":1735222710873,"end_time":1735222737537,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"So this is something, if you remember, in Tuesday's technical session, we talked about follow-up discussion on rigs, where Jagga mentioned to take it with drilling AGC. So that's the follow-up discussion of drilling AGC. It's not a drilling process, but it's a MRO discussion with the AGC, which is responsible for MRO process of drilling?"},{"start_time":1735222737537,"end_time":1735222740155,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"I don't remember this exact requirement."},{"start_time":1735222740155,"end_time":1735222761976,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"So do you remember the rigs? In one of the discussion last supply planning session, there was this guy who mentioned that what happens to the rigs, suddenly the rigs get added for planning or rigs get taken out from the planning for MRO. So this is related to it."},{"start_time":1735222763827,"end_time":1735222771630,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. They will. OK. So yeah, this is 1113."},{"start_time":1735222771630,"end_time":1735222776832,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I think those are closed considering."},{"start_time":1735222776832,"end_time":1735222816033,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"So now this would be the next one and we had a discussion that we we will set up a meeting to discuss this. So probably this would be I'll give Hadi also. Uhm, this one. I'm still this will be still with the Rahul and Nikita and as discussed earlier, Rahul, this will be covered as part of the discussions that we'll have for the roles."},{"start_time":1735222816033,"end_time":1735222826280,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yeah, so right now session tomorrow, so let's keep it tomorrow and we can keep on like based upon the progress."},{"start_time":1735222826280,"end_time":1735222844357,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"We do will keep on updating. OK. OK, this we discussed insights and recommendations document. Call it OK. This I have had the ratio of the FAQs that are pending with you. Some update will be shared today."},{"start_time":1735222845961,"end_time":1735222874247,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, I just answered to Kyle that Hector will be able to answer, to review that three answers regarding the intelligence. Well, regarding that three questions by the 31st of December, by Tuesday. So I will put 31st of December. Thank you. Thank you."},{"start_time":1735222875316,"end_time":1735222880320,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, Kyle is Kyle there or is he not on the call?"},{"start_time":1735222880320,"end_time":1735222884490,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"No, Kyle dropped, but I'm here if you need to."},{"start_time":1735222884490,"end_time":1735222889911,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, so can you give me a deadline for this training approach or?"},{"start_time":1735222889911,"end_time":1735222900753,"speaker":{"name":"Daboul, Bisher (UAE)"},"words":"I think it's in the review process. Let me check with Kyle and get back to you, but it should be somewhere in the review process."},{"start_time":1735222900753,"end_time":1735222910219,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, alright. OK, these are. Who should be the owner for this training material?"},{"start_time":1735222910219,"end_time":1735222914383,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Who should I put as the owner?"},{"start_time":1735222914383,"end_time":1735222921520,"speaker":{"name":"Daboul, Bisher (UAE)"},"words":"I think this will be a joint effort if I'm not mistaken."},{"start_time":1735222921520,"end_time":1735222922709,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, but"},{"start_time":1735222922709,"end_time":1735222924494,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"So no ownership."},{"start_time":1735222924494,"end_time":1735222952015,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"OK, yeah, I mean, yeah, we have always here and we need to do the development of the material, but we still have to align with you and also with the The change management team according to the training approach. OK, I mean it's it depends on the other task."},{"start_time":1735222952015,"end_time":1735222957314,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Yeah, OK. This when use cases who should I put?"},{"start_time":1735222957314,"end_time":1735222964906,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"So probably we can put there for technical team because we don't know names there."},{"start_time":1735222964906,"end_time":1735222965390,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1735222965390,"end_time":1735222976041,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This one I'll put. Go ACM and Rocio because I lost Rocio, I think. Yeah, yeah, we already are working on that."},{"start_time":1735222976041,"end_time":1735222990932,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"So whenever you you want to align this because. I think that Cushwood told me that she wanted to to align. How are we doing this? Yeah, yeah, of course."},{"start_time":1735222990932,"end_time":1735222991451,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1735222991451,"end_time":1735223001829,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This one is. Same right, go ACM and CM. So this is also linked to what we are doing, right?"},{"start_time":1735223001829,"end_time":1735223007019,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, the rules process process is also there. Yeah, so."},{"start_time":1735223007019,"end_time":1735223024852,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"This link to the activity we are meeting we are doing right where CM process and go CM. Roles and responsibilities. So this is linked to the same activity."},{"start_time":1735223024852,"end_time":1735223028708,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. Create plan for OK."},{"start_time":1735223028708,"end_time":1735223032565,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This will also be included."},{"start_time":1735223032565,"end_time":1735223040278,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"It's kind of end to end activity. Yeah, same thing."},{"start_time":1735223040278,"end_time":1735223046709,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Approval metrics this also. Covered in that meeting, is it?"},{"start_time":1735223046709,"end_time":1735223101430,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"No, no, no, it will not be covered, we'll have to take it separately. Because, see, right now what we are working, like, whatever we are, the process we are going through for development, we are, we will document, like, Kunal and probably Sagar will help him to document the process, but then we need to make sure this approval matrix is applicable to all the milestones we have and all the documents which we need to approve, like, We set up a meeting for this?\n\n No, I don't think so. Internal meeting. Internal meeting is for the whatever we're talking about, which we had today with change management and goes in today, but then approval matrix is something which we need to define for all the key activities. Like if we now that we're getting into build, we will have technical specification document, FSD, TSD, then who approves it."},{"start_time":1735223101478,"end_time":1735223103269,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"for all the milestones."},{"start_time":1735223103269,"end_time":1735223103716,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"This."},{"start_time":1735223103716,"end_time":1735223108192,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This means delegation of video is it for each activity?"},{"start_time":1735223108192,"end_time":1735223129677,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I think this is more from ad hoc perspective, right? Because this point has come because the risk of getting delayed or getting delay from ad hoc on getting approval to move to next stage. OK. So we need to check for that's why to check with Khalid."},{"start_time":1735223129686,"end_time":1735223132862,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This is for our deliverables approvals, is it?"},{"start_time":1735223132862,"end_time":1735223154699,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yes, yes. So the way we are going through for BRD and BPD, right? We identified approvals and then it took us more than a month, right? So the way the way we did it for BRD BPD probably we need to learn from it and do it for rest of the approvals of fund."},{"start_time":1735223154699,"end_time":1735223157082,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"This is. This would be Hathi."},{"start_time":1735223157082,"end_time":1735223179480,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"This. This duplicate right this I saw somewhere else. OK, never mind, I'll I'll if it is a duplicate I'll change. This is closed so no oh sorry this is not closed so effort is provided but the design board approval is still pending."},{"start_time":1735223179480,"end_time":1735223184529,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yeah, the design board approval is pending for ASMAS approval."},{"start_time":1735223184529,"end_time":1735223202808,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, questions for For Kinan go SCM team gave me some questions. I don't know if anybody else has questions. So otherwise I'll just mark this also as closed. I think these are all hard."},{"start_time":1735223206545,"end_time":1735223218187,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"What do we have to do here, Rahul? Reference material solution confirmation with Murugan?"},{"start_time":1735223218187,"end_time":1735223240781,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Put my name, we need this confirmation from Murugan that like from ADNOC that the solution proposes is this an Is there anything else to be done after same with the EPC process?"},{"start_time":1735223240781,"end_time":1735223244445,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"So what date should I put target date?"},{"start_time":1735223244445,"end_time":1735223288713,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Put end of next week Friday so that third not third probably this will go in the following week week second half because I need Khalid and Khalid is not there so if I can yeah for both the points. And hopefully in the following week, I'll also be there in Abu Dhabi, which means I'll be able to cover this discussion face to face with more. And this is ongoing."},{"start_time":1735223288713,"end_time":1735223296855,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. This is Kunal. OK, do we put a deadline for this?"},{"start_time":1735223296855,"end_time":1735223304996,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Kunal, when do you think you can start putting the document together?"},{"start_time":1735223304996,"end_time":1735223309067,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"By the end of next week?"},{"start_time":1735223309067,"end_time":1735223318417,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Documentation on Steps 2. I think document is already there, which we have shared with Kaizen."},{"start_time":1735223318417,"end_time":1735223330332,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"The one we discussed today with Vignesh and Nav in the call, right? The entire process of getting the approval, the different tickets, approvals, the entire step by step."},{"start_time":1735223330332,"end_time":1735223335263,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"So you are saying from the ServiceNow ticket request point of view?"},{"start_time":1735223335263,"end_time":1735223349961,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, yeah. So all the activities we did, like who did what, what was the approval required from which all teams which tickets we raised so and documenting the entire process."},{"start_time":1735223349961,"end_time":1735223356048,"speaker":{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},"words":"Understood, understood. I think let us do the end of next Friday."},{"start_time":1735223356048,"end_time":1735223359598,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"That is, yeah, 3rd of January. OK."},{"start_time":1735223359598,"end_time":1735223364671,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"OK, that's all in my list. I'm done, thank you."},{"start_time":1735223364671,"end_time":1735223369743,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Oh, I have couple of questions on email send by."},{"start_time":1735223370011,"end_time":1735223410985,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Sorry that we repeat the message, but I didn't know that he already answered. But yeah, it's about one of the open points that Cushboo is following. Vashti is the one regarding the segmentation of chemicals. Yeah, we were discussing internally that maybe that definition shouldn't come from us, but maybe with the process team you can propose something. I don't know what you think."},{"start_time":1735223410985,"end_time":1735223477203,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I think this was discussed other way around because in the call it was clearly discussed that the technical team was – the request from AdNoc is will there be a recommendation as a best practice that how VED or LTPA should be called upon. So I think Hector or Bastian, we also discussed that whether you'll be able to do this. And we said that let's discuss and align internally. So we will not discuss and align internally and process team is not even aware of this.\n\n So I'm not sure why this gets assigned to process team when we've discussed this that team would propose this or at least we need to have a conversation whether we will be able to even propose this so that we can go back to AdNoc and say that this is not something possible because I'm sure process team will not be able to tell more than what we already know. What are the rules and what are the process for defining LTPA?\n\n"},{"start_time":1735223477203,"end_time":1735223486818,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"That's the main point that the definition from my point of view is not a technical definition or view as a criteria of eligibility that is a process."},{"start_time":1735223486818,"end_time":1735223492073,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"I agree, Sebastian, but in the call we had Hector and Bastian and this was..."},{"start_time":1735223492073,"end_time":1735223507838,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"I did talk with them and you were the one asking for us to have a recommendation, but if we... No, no, no, I was not the one... Black and white, it's a process subject, so process team should take it and lead the conversation."},{"start_time":1735223509374,"end_time":1735223542271,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"And it was not done. This was requested by AdNoc. And AdNoc clearly requested. We were requesting AdNoc to provide us the logic. And AdNoc said, while AdNoc is providing us the logic, they want us to tell what is the best practice in terms of what is our proposal of calculating VD or LTPA. And that's where Hector and Bastian said, we'll get back. So it's not that we requested GoSCM, like KPNG requested GoSIEM or I requested GoSIEM, it was requested by Adnok.\n\n"},{"start_time":1735223542271,"end_time":1735223556997,"speaker":{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},"words":"We have a different understanding of the situation. In any way that we're aligning it here now, if we want to give a proposal, it should come from the process team, not the technical team."},{"start_time":1735223556997,"end_time":1735223581907,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"But from my point of view, of course, we can assess the feasibility of address a requirement that clearly defines what should be the trigger for the LTPA, but the technology team, I don't feel is the one saying, okay, if this, if A is true, then LTPA, because we don't have that insight, we don't have that info."},{"start_time":1735223581907,"end_time":1735223582330,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Agreed."},{"start_time":1735223582330,"end_time":1735223646780,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"So that's what I, when we were in call with AdNoc, I clearly called out for this. And then I called out, I think, Bastian, you or Hector, whether we have this ability to tell how should the LTP be proposed. And the discussion was, let's discuss Align internally, and we'll reply to it. Now, if we do not have ability, and Sebastian, this process team is not supposed to tell this, because AdNoc is looking for capability from a tool perspective, that how IPP can help propose VD parameters if there is no logic for VD.\n\n I am agreeing that LTP is something, even I was talking to AdNoc, and we cannot something, you need to tell us what are your rules for LTP, and we'll configure those rules. But they still wanted us to tell what is required. We can simply say that, no, we do not have any input for LTP. You can tell us what are the rules for LTP, and we'll configure them. But for VED, they are looking for, from a tool's capability, how tool can propose how VED is getting calculated.\n\n"},{"start_time":1735223646780,"end_time":1735223676727,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"And they're asking how you are doing it for other clients. I can say right away that IVP doesn't have possibility to propose LTPE. There's no such a thing in IDP. What we can maybe work on is having a clear rule, the clear details of when LTP are created, then we can come up with something. But the solution as a standard do not have anything close to it."},{"start_time":1735223680759,"end_time":1735223701302,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"OK, so how do we take this up? Because there are two points. One is VD, second is LTPA. For LTPA, agreed, we can work together, define what should be the standard way of what all things we think should be considered for LTPA. That's something we can put together. But what about a VD?"},{"start_time":1735223707975,"end_time":1735223715454,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"Do you have any suggestion for VD? How VD should be calculated from a tool capability perspective?"},{"start_time":1735223715454,"end_time":1735223745375,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"No. I think in this case, we had an agreement. I feel we clearly stated that it is a business definition. I mean, of course, we have a broad understanding of what is a vital, what is essential, and what is the size. But at the end, it has to do, of course, with the equipment. But the system, as a standard solution, doesn't have a way to propose that."},{"start_time":1735223745375,"end_time":1735223784628,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},"words":"Because that's what, in the meeting, we can go through the notes of the meeting if we want. But, Hector, this was discussed in the meeting, that, yeah, this is to be input to the system. But then, I don't know. From AdNoc clearly said that he wants us to propose as well how to calculate VD from a pool perspective. So there are – this is this expectation. That's why this point has come up. And I'm fine if you want to go back and tell them this team does not have the ability to calculate VD, but I'm just letting you know what was discussed.\n\n And it was not agreed in the call that this was something AdNoc will provide."},{"start_time":1735223784637,"end_time":1735223789002,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Again, we can... I don't know."},{"start_time":1735223789002,"end_time":1735223836589,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"For me, it's not... I don't know. I don't know how they expect of we coming up with a solution. I don't know how is that feasible. I'm not sure what is the from Adnox site. Because they are the owners of the business, how can we or the system tell what is essential and what is vital? I understand and that's why in the call we should have told them that this is not something possible, but we agreed that we'll get back.\n\n"},{"start_time":1735223836589,"end_time":1735223855036,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"That's what I'm trying to tell you guys, that in the call we agreed that we'll get back. Now, if we feel that this is something not can be done by tool perspective, we can get back and say that we looked and verified, and this is not something we can propose."},{"start_time":1735223855036,"end_time":1735223882511,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"This has to be business determination. Yeah, yeah. For fast, medium, slow, and non-movers, that's a completely different story, because it's based on consumption. And if we have historical consumption, we can calculate the FSM, well, the frequency of consumption. To S4HANA, but it's because the calculation logic is pretty straightforward. But for BED, there's not such a calculation, not something even remotely linked to a calculation.\n\n Which is fine. Let's update to that."},{"start_time":1735223882511,"end_time":1735223927846,"speaker":{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},"words":"This is not possible from a tool perspective. Let's try to close the conversation in the meeting itself so that we can push them to not have this follow-up discussion. But I think in the meeting, we agreed together that we'll get back. Point has come up as action item for us. And if you are confirming that there is no proposal, IBP cannot propose VED calculation to AdNoc team, then let's get back to it.\n\n Let's get back to AdNoc and say, Okay, team."},{"start_time":1735223927846,"end_time":1735223942350,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Thank you. Thank you, Rahul. Okay. I don't have any other point. Anyone has any other point or we can conclude our call then? From our side, no."},{"start_time":1735223942350,"end_time":1735223942868,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1735223942868,"end_time":1735223949084,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Thank you, then. Have a nice day, everyone. Bye. Thank you, everyone."},{"start_time":1735223949084,"end_time":1735223949602,"speaker":{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},"words":"Bye."},{"start_time":1735223949602,"end_time":1735223951156,"speaker":{"name":"Leaving...Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Thank you, everyone."},{"start_time":1735223951156,"end_time":1735223952591,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Bye, guys. Thank you."}],"speakers":[{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 2"},{"name":"Roumanos, Hadi"},{"name":"Daboul, Bisher (UAE)"},{"name":"Sebastian Alba"},{"name":"Sheth, Kunal"},{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 3"},{"name":"Conference Room (Patel, Rahul) - Speaker 1"},{"name":"Arun Singh"},{"name":"Leaving...Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"Gusev, Nikita (UAE)"},{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"Madhavan, Tara"},{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"}]}