Roumanos, Hadi:
thing to put. No, it's fine. It's fine. And we are.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Sorry, guys, we have a bit of a thing with the whiteboard. I'm going to hear this for a long, long time. Let's give Gaussian a bit to join, and then we'll get started.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello, Dean. Hello, hello.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Guys, let's get started and then go. I see I can catch up whoever joins. Today's session will be relatively short as in on time. So we'll spend 30 minutes to cover whatever we need to cover. Session, however, I'll extend to an hour just so that at least once a week we're able to go through our list of risks and issues on our Excel. So we stay, you know, up to date with regards to topics that we're chasing.

 We usually focus all of our attention on these calls on high priority items, which leads us to sometimes let things fall through the cracks on the other items. So tomorrow be a bit of a longer session. For today, I'll start off with Kyle on the end user list. So question from me, I'll share the document or the screen with your document, Kyle, and then maybe you can give us a bit more clarity regarding the state we're in.

 Okay, so in terms of of end-users. So what are we pending today? Now this is the correct breakdown. So we have the processes and we have the AGCs and eventually the number of end-users that need to be included in each of those intersections. That's the right format so that eventually we can go to ADNOC and tell them, hey we're missing these intersections for end-users. Help us out to get the number of end users, which is fine.

 The other question I have, or questions, is why are we so limited today in the number of information that we have? Is it because we're not reaching out to the right people? Is it because they are not sharing with us the numbers? So a bit of clarity as to the why, so that we can help you figure out a way to navigate this, because we've been after this for the past three weeks.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Okay, so can I go through it? Yes, please. So the holes highlighted in pink are dependent on the memo that needs to go out, along with the template that we will be sending out for the identification of these users. That is going out with the memo. The memo is on hold because of the changes in MRO, which are still being discussed. I know last week we sent that we would discuss it with Khaled and Asma in the morning call.

 But Asma didn't attend that call. And then I believe it was pushed. And then on Friday, we also didn't have a meeting. So the ones in pink, it's because the template needs to go out with the memo.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And the memo is still on hold. Let's pause for a second. Because I'm trying to see if we can avoid things dragging other things. Are we in a position today to get those numbers of end-users, assuming we keep the same as-is process that we have today? And that's a question for you and Raoul.

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
No, because Tarek said that the memo needs to be sent out to these VPs to inform them about this whole project, so it's kind of like an overview of the project, so they don't get scared when they see this template that we send to them. So he said So it's a requirement for that to go out.

Roumanos, Hadi:
OK, so now my next question, can we send the memo without sorting out this MRO story that we have? Because that MRO story that we have is probably going to take a few days before we're able to sort this out, especially that we need to get their views and align on the option going forward. So that's not going to get resolved anytime soon. If we keep waiting on that, then the memo will not go out until the end of the week.

 And then after that, we'll have another week to get the end users and that's in a fantastic case scenario.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So any thoughts here?

Patel, Rahul:
I think this depends upon the process we are defining because let me add why we are looking at three scenarios of end users depending on the process variance we may come up with. One is like no EAM user involved. Everything works based upon SAP approval. Second, EAM user involved, maybe but from a limited AGC. Let's do something. Let's go with what we have.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Whatever changes to the process we end up doing later, we can remove and shuffle around end users. I don't want to keep waiting until we get a number. Let's get a number based on the current case. If there are changes to the process, we'll tell them, okay, because of that change, this is how the number different?

Patel, Rahul:
Is it something we can do? I think we will have to take a step back here and look at the process and the impact of the process, because if we have the current process as per the current discussion leads to thousands of end-users. We don't want to end that situation. We want to have end-users which we can manage as part of the call lab.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So let me let me stop everyone here because this needs a separate call and Raul I would need you in that call for our discussion. What is beyond me at this point to understand is okay I know we're stuck in one of the intersections which is demand MRO at least I'll explain the discussion I had with Raul. Raul if I'm mistaken, correct me. For me, we're trying to plan for, or to come up with our training plan.

 Based on which last time we said, first thing is to figure out who are the different users. Now, I had a discussion before that request, maybe Monday, Tuesday, last week with Raoul. For me, I simplified it. It's like, before we go three-dimensional, let's take two-dimensional. Demand, inventory, supply. Because demand is problematic, at least the MRO part, I said, okay, for inventory across the three areas, inventory drilling, inventory MRO, inventory chemicals, and then for supply, same thing, supply drilling, supply chemicals, supply MRO.

 Do we have visibility on those end users? And Raoul here, I need you to pay attention. Is yes for invent even Raul said that inventory and supply both of those functional areas are under the shared service unit and they can confirm who under inventory plus drilling how many people are going to be involved and one of the examples I don't know which one I think we had four for inventory drilling or maybe four for inventory and The good even better, Raoul said their responsibility is inventory plus supply, which makes it those end users is like combined because whomever is in shared service will become responsible for inventory and supply, so it would be simpler.

 So if we're taking before going into the third dimension, which is by group company, if we're taking that two dimensional matrix where we have demand, inventory supply, and then the three areas, MRO, chemicals, drilling. I'm assuming tie-in is part of drilling. Then my understanding is we have very good visibility on inventory across the three business line, supply across the three business line. When Raoul and I discussed demand, he told me demand drilling, he has visibility.

 So he got some information on the count. Demand chemical was work in progress. The only problem area was demand and maru so out of nine at least we have an idea about six seven if not eight of them and only one got stuck I don't want an answer now but honestly I'm tired of this discussion and I'm not let's say I'm not slow i've been around for a while I'm not able to understand why one correspondence related to one out of nine areas is stopping me from confirming the eight other areas.

 I'll stop here. If there's anything I said, Raoul, that is not in sync with the reality, correct it. If not, let's have this separately. I think you and Kyle, I'm happy to be there or Hadi. I would like to see that first level nine and within each of the nine will be the group companies. It could be one per group company. The good thing in the when it comes to shared service or inventory and supply, it's actually one person covering more than one group company.

 Company, like because of the efficiency. Anything I said is incorrect, Raul? At a high level, not clinically.

Patel, Rahul:
You are correct. So let me propose this thing. I'll talk to Kyle tomorrow. Kyle, you are there in SKSE tomorrow?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes.

Patel, Rahul:
Let's sit together in SKSE. Let me help you with what more means and then we'll get him on WhatsApp.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
That's fine, but I think I am clear on it, but if I could just summarize it more to your point about MRO chemicals is actually a part of that problem. So the ones in pink, it's chemicals and MRO that's grouped together. It's not just MRO. So that's the one that's dependent on the memo. The ones in yellow is dependent on a response from Abdul Latif and Mohammed Ashique. I sent an email to them on the 15th of January.

 Nikita also sent a follow-up email to them on the 20th of January. I followed up with Khaled and Hadi followed up with Khaled on one of our meetings last week and he said he would expedite this. So the ones in yellow we've been following up and we haven't had a response. With regards to the ones in blue which is the inventory and the supply, yes I agree that the team here in Shared Services can supply the names for these people.

 We've been in discussion with them, and we are hoping to get the names for all of these people by tomorrow or Wednesday at the latest. So I've grouped it by color. Blue, we are in control of Yellow, we're waiting on a response from Ashik and Abdul Latif.

Roumanos, Hadi:
And pink is dependent on the memo. Let's do something. Raoul agreed. Sit with Kyle. See what we can improve on this. Until let's say end of day tomorrow. My goal is during the status update tomorrow, we raise this with everybody who's on the call. We tell them, guys, we need your support because after those two reminders that you've mentioned, Kyle, I think they need to start, exactly, they need to start moving faster.

 Okay, so we'll bring it up and we'll add it as a risk, you and I, and the content, okay?

Naamani, Mohamad:
In case- are impacted by the change in process or only MRO?

Patel, Rahul:
The process impacts only MRO, but the community, the EM community, the memo goes together. So that's why Kyle is saying that while the complication is less on MRO, but it's stuck because of the same problem. Valid. Fine.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So you guys sit together. We'll mention it as a risk in the status update. And then if still by the end of the day tomorrow, we have little to no progress, then we escalate to fear and that's on me and Hamad, because we need their support, right? So I appreciate the effort so far, Kyle, but we need to start screaming the same way we scream on other topics as well. So let me do most of the screaming.

 In the meantime, see where you get by the end of the day tomorrow. Depending on where that is, we'll see how we can move forward. So it's the right breakdown. Just let's try and see what we can do.

Naamani, Mohamad:
So team, one request, one of the reasons why we changed a bit the huddle created this list is for us to be to help make sure everything is under one roof. However, we're going through them. Given that it's a long list, ideally what we do, we go through the ones we know are critical, and they need immediate attention. That's one. The ones that are getting worse. So maybe they're high or you're already critical, but instead of them being green, so on track, they're getting delayed further.

 Also, they need to be raised, like today's discussion regarding Datastore or whatever, or this one. And that's the purpose of, again, when we changed this, created the list, is for everyone to raise the flag. If this one looks high and it shows in progress, you need to raise a hand and say, no, it's not in progress, unless we have all the sweet time to come up with the account and then the training plan, et cetera, which I know we don't.

 Now, definitely, if you compare it to the data store that's impacting the configuration now, and the sessions we have starting tomorrow, it's a bit higher, but still, it's important. That sort of evaluation or prioritization, I'm using my judgment, maybe I'm wrong, or Hadi is, based on the info that he has, you need to put it in context, And that's why, again, this call should take no time, just critical items.

 Where do we stand? Are we on track, progressing? No, we have an issue, then second day will escalate. The ones that are high, or we have new ones, so on and so forth. I'll stop, but again, we're getting into a busy time, so we need a way to figure out what's important, what's more important, what's the most important.

1Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, it's just some details regarding the project. I'm sorry, not project, of course, related to the project, the process and how, because we, we work, I said this to, to, uh, we work during Thursday and Friday in the weekend as well to come up with a proposal that can address multiple cases. And we come up with something that I think is good. I would like to share it in a nutshell. I don't know if you feel this is the right place or we should schedule a different meeting to review this.



Roumanos, Hadi:
We can do it now, Bastian, as long as we have some time left after we address some of the key points that we usually go through. So, done with this end-user thing. I'll just ask two more questions. So, Kunal, any updates from your side? On the technical stuff.

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, so on the IBP data store, where we are stuck up for the integration. So finally, we find the request right request, which we need to raise. So Khalid is already raised. And I as Leah cut from AdNoc, he's basically the doing the fulfillment for this request. So we requested him to just enable the setting so that we will be able to check whether the connection is really working or not. Sagar has confirmed that it is perfectly working fine.

 So based on that, we have raised the request and after its approval, then it will be taken care by IaaS. So before one hour, I pinged to Khalid, but did not get any feedback yet. What is the status of the request, whether it is approved at all the level or not?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Okay, okay. You can ping us in the comment chat once you have news, in case it happens today. Otherwise, we'll tackle it with we'll call it tomorrow morning.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, yeah.

Sheth, Kunal:
And for the SDD, quick update, as to risk raised by Santamesh, so Sagar and I have already drafted the email for that, but only we are waiting for the Rinaldo's confirmation that along with the mitigation plan, we also need to give the target and date of completion. So that we currently are waiting from Rinaldo. Once we get the feedback, then we can can revert back to Khalid to take this forward. Is Rinaldo aware that you're waiting for something from him?

 Yes, Sagar is already aligned with Rinaldo.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, we are planning to connect internally on the plan and phones that we will share the data. OK, thank you, Sagar. Thanks, Kunal. On my end, regarding Kyle and Nikita's point about LNS, we spoke to Khalid this morning. The consensus here is to bring it up with Firas. Before we get to a conclusion whether LNS is in scope or out of scope. So while we appreciate Asma's comment, Khaled remains our PM lead, and he wants us to make sure this is the case with Firas first, which we haven't had the chance to do today.

 Hopefully, we'll get a conversation with him tomorrow, and we'll bring this up. So we need to run it through Firas first before we get to that conclusion. Any important points across the board, or can we move to Bastian?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Go ahead, Kurt. Thanks.

2Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
I just wanted to raise the point that today, after that workshop today, when you took the people through the demo of the system, there's a guy by the name of Anton, he's been identified as a focal point for headlock drilling chemicals. And I just, he came up to me and he's just concerned about the data and what's being shown in the system. So we had a discussion with him and Nikita, please can you come in here to support me if I'm not explaining it correctly, but essentially the demand is coming from onshore and offshore and then the actual execution of the procurement and is done by drilling.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Let's have this discussion with Rahul tomorrow, since we are meeting him anyway. Yes, yes, please. Just to make it more effective. Please, yes, that would be better, yes. Just so that we don't spend money on this. If needed, then we'll engage other team members, but I think starting with Rahul would be enough. And Tim, you can have a start.

Naamani, Mohamad:
standard answer to those, say you relay the message to the technical team working on the configuration so that they differentiate the roles. It's not like because you're physically there, it means you need to answer those questions. You can tell them we're focusing on change management for the data and technical, so functional, technical, et cetera. We're happy to convey the message and discuss it.

 This way you don't need to put input in a situation that you don't have the detailed answers.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, thanks.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Bastian, you have nine minutes. Yeah, I'm going to try to make it as short as possible.

1Bastian Osorio:
Does it impact any discussions tomorrow, Bastian?

Naamani, Mohamad:
No, we already prepared the session for that.

1Bastian Osorio:
So this is what we come to present. And actually, we believe this makes things easier.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yes, but there is one thing I don't want to double since I didn't see the material for tomorrow is what we discussed before. That will tell them typically this is what we do or the leading practice. However, we realize based on your data that this is the case because even on Thursday afternoon, actually Friday, we were talking about one of those cases to Khaled and he said, OK, let's sit down and we need to decide on it.

 So Khaled in a way is confirming that whenever we have those situations where we need to adjust. Let's make sure we are aligned specifically to the digital team. So himself, Firas, maybe he'll bring in Morgan if it has an impact. So we do not waste our time trying to figure out a different solution. Maybe we need to think of a different solution anyway, but before we move the needle and tell everyone from the key users this is the new way, at least we need Khaled to be in the loop.

 He might say, okay, let's proceed. He might say, I need to get someone's approval, and most importantly, we need it to be documented if we're changing the course. I think Raoul mentioned it at one point that because we have the design approved, later on, any variation will go into futile discussions. So that's what I want to double-check, Sebastian, if this is covered tomorrow, if you'd like to voice over it, but let's keep this across.

 All the challenges we'll face from now over the next couple of weeks or more, this is how we handle them before and after or current situation, current design, recommended change, so they can also approve with us.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let me share my screen so we can discuss.

1Bastian Osorio:
Can you see my screen?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Okay, so this is the idea.

1Bastian Osorio:
Well, first of all, regarding preventive maintenance plan, there's no on that. We're going to keep the same process that they have now. If they have a preventive maintenance plan, we're going to integrate it and that goes directly to supply planning, meaning it will eventually turn into PR. That is maintained inter-system. We're not changing that. We are not asking anyone to maintain anything in They can do it if they like, if they want to start, because we know they don't have this much.

 They don't have this. They just use reservations, but in terms of medium, long-term plan, they don't have it. So if they want to start building it in their S4HANA, we have the integration ready for that. We will have integration ready for that because it comes with extract. And then we'll turn into PRs. That's fine. But this is the tricky point, the forecast maintenance consumption. So the idea here is, first of all, we're going to forecast everything.

 But mainly, or initially, as a reference, long-term planning, median and long-term. So this one goes to budgeting. So you have a high-level visibility how much you will consume, but that doesn't mean that you will create PRs or you need some collaboration here. It's just for reference purposes, okay? So in that regard, they don't need any collaboration for this high-level forecasting. They don't need collaboration.

 It's just the system doing itself to compare it against the Okay, so the idea here is to upload the budget in ADP. But then just if a material at a plant level or a storage location level, depending on the level they're planning, has more than 25 consumption in the last five years, then this material goes into forecasting-based planning. Okay, if the material doesn't have more than 25 consumption last five years then it goes it is the same that they're doing now we're not changing anything it goes to inventory planning when I say we don't change anything I mean related to the current process of course in ADP we still gonna calculate the inventory parameters okay so we did a quick analysis I'm gonna show it right right now so Bassem before you jump on this one, is it

Naamani, Mohamad:
possible to have an applique of it that shows what like before it so is this a variation of what we have offered during the design?

1Bastian Osorio:
Yeah I mean it's now it's more I think during the design it wasn't as clear what they do it now is all this part of forecasting doesn't exist right now. But well, inventory planning doesn't exist as well. They have very generic rules. So what we are adding is this box here, forecast-based planning. Well, this box, this box, this box, and this box. Most material will follow the reordered point planning.

 An additional effort from their part.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, the other clarification point is you have preventive maintenance plans, corrective maintenance consumptions, and then you have all of those arrows, one leading to, so from preventive to budgeting, from corrective to forecasting, to budgeting. Do you want to give them labels? Like you said, one is longer term, one is short term, so that, because if you're looking at the graph, I'm not able to see when the forecasting goes into the diamond, the gray diamond, or when it will go to budgeting.

 I think you said one is like the operational plan versus the one is the long-term plan. That's one thing just as a visual. The other thing is why do you have a budget on the left and another budgeting on the right side? Shouldn't the left side be what triggers the consumption, like preventive, corrective, turnaround because budget looks different in terms of the categories of the consumption. At least this is how I'm reading the...



1Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, the main difference the budget because it's a square is a number, is a, I don't know, a currency number on in a year, right, on in multiple years or quarters if they had quarters, where budgeting is more the process, the comparison of what are they gonna consume based on the forecast, again, what they have planned in the budget. So it's like more, this is more like a process and this is just data.



Naamani, Mohamad:
But again, it doesn't fit in terms of consistency. So preventive corrective are type of consumption, whether it's basically the incident based or the schedule based. And again, I have, let's say limited, but I'm trying to simplify it from user perspective, because we always refer to consumption could come preventive corrective turnaround. Here we're adding budget where it's not related to so maybe you call it something else you can call it scheduled consumption or planned or whatever so it's not related to the thing on the side versus planning and budgeting.

 But again these are the two comments if you want to do fine tuning because expect people to ask similar questions if you're showing Yes one point I want to highlight here is this will still not this process will not

Patel, Rahul:
address the point which was raised where they do reservation-based planning only and if we are proposing any forecasting which is beyond reservation-based planning which means someone has to agree on that forecast review and approve and it would be a big change on our dark side because what we understand is uh from the maintenance of the em team uh this activity happens at a maintenance engineer layer and there are quite a few of those people so if in the process variation if we are not considering the reservation approval final demand process we are still doing reservations we're not proposing but the reservations will consume the forecast they don't want uh the forecast they don't want forecast more than reservation to be used in supply planning and they don't want can you say that again please so if if you have a reservation created by a corrective maintenance order and if the reservation is approved for x quantity uh then that reservation is the only demand even if you have a forecast which is like four times the demand even if we consume the forecast based upon the reservation the property planning will happen only based on the reservation quantity and not

1Bastian Osorio:
the forecast quantity. I will say that I can say that will happen in 95% of the cases. Yes. In 95% of the cases there will be no forecast used for trigger PRs.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So even if there is a reorder point.

Patel, Rahul:
I have a suggestion.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Is this something we need to discuss in the now or which session is going to be discovered tomorrow?

1Bastian Osorio:
First, one second. Just some numbers just to speak with data. This is based on the information that Bignesh gave us.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Are you sharing your screen?

1Bastian Osorio:
I don't think I'm Good.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Can you see it? Yeah.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We can see what you were showing today on the system.

1Bastian Osorio:
So out of all the materials Bignesh provided to us, we have the eight. So the total number of material is 437, non-materials in combination. Meaning plant for this plant, material plant. Okay. Out of this 437, only 118 materials have more than 25 data points. So for these 419 material, which have a total consumption of 23,000 pieces, the process won't be affected. The process stayed as it is. What are we going to do?

 We're going to forecasting for budgeting purposes, medium-long-term planning, and then we're going to recalculate the reorder point. From the end, let's say, users, engineers doing their thing, there's no change for these 419 materials. The only thing is that for the inventory controllers, they can have up optimize inventory through the inventory algorithms. Then for these 18 materials, what we are saying here, look, there is so much consumption for these materials that we are able to plan with the forecast.

 We had for these 18 materials, in total, consumption events. So only for this material is that we need collaboration. And in my understanding, this collaboration should come from the inventory controllers. It shouldn't come from the engineers doing the reservations. Reservation will still have place, but the reservation will use, will consume the forecast. Why are we proposing this? Because we're saying if you are just doing reservations with no forecast, it is very likely that you will be on stock out, on shortages.

 Why? Because the consumption is very high. And we can see these materials here. I filtered these materials here. And mostly gaskets and veiled stuff like that. OK, for example, here.

Patel, Rahul:
Can I add something here? So while this data looks something, but we are talking about a really miniscule set of data which Vignesh has provided in terms of like 1.4 million MRO materials. So I think I don't feel comfortable putting our judgment over a small set of data and using it to validate the process, definitely. Definition. Essentially, the analysis what you do is right, but the analysis should be based upon the entire set of data which comes into IBP and not based upon a sample set of data Vignesh has provided because it can be biased towards a certain set of material only.

 So that's one point while the analysis is correct, but it does not represent ADNO completely.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, I'm OK with that. Rahul, but I think the best, for me, the best approach is to come up with a design that addresses the multiple cases, and then they can change it if they like, and I'm aware of that, and I don't have a problem with that, but I prefer to come up with a proposal, which for me looks strong, and then see the data, and then say, okay, we need to change it, and then come up and say, okay, we don't know what to do, basically.



Naamani, Mohamad:
No, no, thanks, Basia. I think we're aligned. That's the idea. And I think tomorrow, as we discuss this, if we realize this just like went on a completely different dimension, it requires more attention, given that the purpose of tomorrow is to show use cases, how things are applied. To your point, we will say we're not only doing now, since we're in built phase, in addition to working with you on the scenarios, we've also looked at the data and trying to come up with different alternatives.

 We will discuss this, we'll align on a separate session. This way, out of the bigger audience tomorrow, you might pick whomever is involved. As you said, no, no, it's actually great that we're ready with those, and we'll tell them, look, we're also adjusting or adapting to the data we're discovering, or the findings we're getting through the data, and also the nature of your different disease data.

 So I think that's good, and keep that option always to say this is valid, this is our preliminary sort of finding with more data would have as you said different situations and then we'd like to discuss this separately with you who would like to be in that discussion because we know that those sessions and actually that's what we want other than keeping the people more involved engaged is to figure out what are some pending points and agreeing on a solution going forward so that could be be our segue for each of those, and we'll take note of those discussions.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Fair enough?

Bastian Osorio:
Yes, for me, it is fine. And again, of course, and at least we have like, I don't know, I think a detailed analysis for the linked discover data, but we will be able to replicate this analysis once we have more data from the integration. But again, it will make them think like, okay, if I have a material which is widely consumed, why wouldn't they buy based on forecast instead of me putting the reservation before buying it?

 It would trigger the thinking.

Naamani, Mohamad:
You might not get an answer immediately, but you start them on that route saying, okay, we need to work together and figure out a solution for this.

Bastian Osorio:
Muruga has a special concern regarding the materials with low consumption. We're saying we're not touching that. We're just optimizing the inventory levels, but we're not changing the process. We don't pretend to make a forecast based on 5, 7 points, 10 points, 15 points, not at all. And even if they believe that 25 consumption Sometimes events are too low. We can increase and we can say, okay, let's make it 50.

 Not a problem. In that sense, we cannot buy, I don't know, 3% of the total portfolio.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, it will be a discussion now. It might not be straightforward. Morgan sometimes gets stuck on stuff, but that's part of this game. Kyle, was it from before or you have something new before we close?

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
It's something new. I just wanted to ask, I just need some guidance. I'm speaking on behalf of Mohammed Fakhoury because we've been working on the awareness session deck, which is a high level deck that shows the process, et cetera. But the client is asking for this deck, but this is also dependent on the discussion, the changes with MRO. So I'm just wondering, I don't know how what to do or like I don't know how to hold this up or what to communicate to the clients.

 I don't know Raoul if you can help me discuss this with Tariq tomorrow but they want the deck but the deck might need to change based on those MRO changes so I just want to find out if I should just go with what we have.

Naamani, Mohamad:
We can use this as an opportunity to say okay in order to close it we have the following and we need to align on it so it has Tariq with Khalid. Because that point was raised on Friday with Khalid, right? Or he heard about it and he said we need to agree. So maybe we'll tell him, OK, in order to close, this is something that is still pending and we need to make a decision.

Patel, Rahul:
Yeah, but This is again tied back to what Hector is trying to show that. There are two separate things which we need to. Align on one is the process based upon the historical consumption or data analysis. What we have, but also on the current process of approval based upon the model reservation. If we if we adopt the current process, then the end users are completely changing and the impact is completely changing so.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Guys, since this is basically a very convoluted topic. Who do we need? And just like we booked today a session for overview, let's call whomever is important and have that discussion. I thought Friday when Khalid said, let's have the discussion, that it started with the right people, whether it's Tariq, it's Morgan, it's you. So, obviously, this will not go anywhere unless we have that discussion and we close it.

 We need Khalid, we need Asma also, she needs, because we've We cannot just go relay the message to them while they're not in the room. I don't know Tariq's basically authority. Is he one? I think sour gas maybe represents one company only. He works with Asmaa and is helping us putting things together. So let's cut the chase. I think we're talking between us more than we're talking to this and tomorrow we'll on the morning huddle before we start the sessions we'll tell Khalid look this is now coming, a major roadblock, and we need one, two, three, and that's the decision.

 Who do you think we should invite, and it's priority. Asma herself should come, and based on the understanding of it, we have to make a decision. At this point, we're analysis paralysis, not you, I mean, don't take it personally, but we're spinning wheels trying to, what will she, unless we put this on the table, if the people around the table cannot make a decision, then we'll escalate. We'll say, okay, so you're not equipped, empowered, we need someone else.

 Does anyone have any other idea? Because I think we've been talking a lot about it, but not being able to decide.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Does this work?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Because whatever we're doing before was good in terms of us coming up with different options, but it seems we're stuck. Whether the correspondence about end users, the quantification of end users, but most importantly, to close this process topic. And now we're in the middle of validation sessions. So either will take half an hour from the end of tomorrow's session to discuss it. I don't know. So I'm trying to suggest who do you need to make this to close this, at least that I will since you've been involved in it.

 I don't see this going anywhere unless we have a call with the core group, not everyone under the Sun in the detailed session.

Patel, Rahul:
No. Go ahead. So the things I feel we are stuck and the reason why this is happening is of the input which has came on Friday. Well, I've tried to explain it on Friday, but still Still, we cannot separate two actions between process and what Kyle is asking about the communication plan or identifying the end user. I feel both of them are linked and are strategic to the discussion we do. Raul, I understand that late.



Naamani, Mohamad:
Let's forget about communication, anything related. I'm saying what do we need to crack this case and move to a decision? We'll show who do we need to talk to saying this is a situation. Will go this route or that route. Once we have that final discussion, then everything else will be released from sending the memo to get the number of users, 1000 or 20, the communication, et cetera, right? Everything that is blocked is now dependent on a discussion.

 Who do we need for discussion? And any reason we didn't have it, maybe you'll tell me we have it and no one answered, then we'll escalate. Or we didn't have it, then we'll have it tomorrow.

Patel, Rahul:
the discussion needs between technical team and process team to align on the process variation because that discussion on align on process variation or technical process team becomes input to the ad-hoc discussion which means we cannot go to ad-hoc and give them suggestion unless within the project team we are aligned on the possible options and agreement all those options I don't want to independently go to ad-hoc what what do you mean process and technical team our own team Then

Naamani, Mohamad:
why didn't we have it?

Patel, Rahul:
I think Friday's discussion was that we will continue with the as this process what we have in the workshop during the workshop will bring up this point and after the workshop will conclude with AdNoc on how we want to address this change.

Naamani, Mohamad:
That's the point of my understanding was based on Friday evening discussion we had all after that we concluded this is what the workshop on such a point the workshop will burn the whole session only on one point out of many scenarios, no?

Patel, Rahul:
I don't think so, because in the workshop we are validating the process. That's what even Bastian said, right? There are multiple ways of doing it. Preventive, corrective, everything we are saying will have some set of data. Now, the process is still the same. We need to quantify what is the impact of a specific process on the number of, based upon the materials identified across it.

Naamani, Mohamad:
There was a suggestion 30 minutes beginning of tomorrow's session to say we're struggling with the following and we need your input? Just a quick comment for my part.

Bastian Osorio:
Tomorrow we're going to have this conversation. It's the starting point of the session.

Naamani, Mohamad:
OK, you need to keep in mind it might take more than planned and then just kill a full session while you have other scenarios. But if we're saying that's the time to do this, then let's be also prepared and make sure everyone so we need to properly introduce it at the beginning saying, guys, we've faced the following situation 123. We would like to use this forum in order to handle this, get full understand.

 And based on the consensus move on. What you need to do before we start is to make sure in that session, you You have everyone that you think can make the decision. So if Asma is late, let's not start the discussion. You start with the normal thing. I don't know. But I'm saying, because it's that important and you think it's the best opportunity, fine. I mean, at this point, too late and we need to go somewhere or to try something.

 But if you need Asma, if Asma and Khalid are enough, so be it. If Asma needs someone, all I'm saying is, let's validate who should be ready tomorrow, because we don't know till now. Who might be late or not.

Patel, Rahul:
I don't agree to having this discussion tomorrow, because tomorrow we have such a large audience. Then what are we going to show tomorrow? Hear me out, hear me out. We discussed that we'll have a strategic group in place who will look at such changes and agree and disagree about something. If we discuss everything tomorrow, it would be hodgepodge in tomorrow's meeting, like it would be chaos, everyone, there are 40 people will be contributing to the same topic.

 And we don't want to have an open house conversation on something which is as critical as this. So my idea, and this is what I understood. And until now, I was assuming the same, that we are focusing on the current process, which is in the design document. We are showcasing them this is how the current process will look, will work, rather than asking them whether it will work this way or not. We are saying this is your current process.

 We are demonstrating the current process. And we are validating input. Input may come saying that reservations we we only use approved reservation so we would say okay noted we'll take this point and we'll come back to that's what we discussed on friday right that we demonstrate our current process take input on what are the changes they are expecting and then in a shorter group come to a conclusion and communicate with everyone now if in the tomorrow's meeting yourself if we if we show ask them this question it will

Bastian Osorio:
create chaos in the discussion but the thing is that if you if we shouldn't show tomorrow the forecast tomorrow I don't know what can I show because this is exactly what we decided in the design workshops so we have

Patel, Rahul:
a design we agreed upon a process and I thought on friday we agreed that we'll show what we've discussed what we have as part of our current as this process the best practice is what we'll show now there are some challenges adopting the best practice we'll say that okay this there are some actions to be done by people to adopt this practice but at show the best practice.

Bastian Osorio:
But it is the other way around, Rahul. What I'm trying to say is that we initially thought of use the forecast. Now we're saying, okay, because in some cases you want to just use reservations, then for the majority of cases we are not using forecast but just reservation. If you check the BRD, it says forecast. It's forecast all over the place.

Patel, Rahul:
Agreed and it's a big change. That's what I'm saying. But if we if we have this discussion in a wider forum, this will lead to. Conversation which will not be able to manage. We need to have this conversation about this change in a shorter group. That's what I thought we discussed.

1Bastian Osorio:
I understand that, but

Patel, Rahul:
Is my understanding incorrect in terms of what we discussed between Friday and today?

Bastian Osorio:
No, no, no, no. The thing is that what the new information we have of user just using reservations and that doesn't change, that is new information. And we are adapting to address that information. Agreed, but I think that's what we discussed.

Patel, Rahul:
We should not be immediately changing our approach just because we have a new information. That's what we discussed on Friday, right? And we agreed that the workshop should continue as planned, taking that input from from that and then having a follow up conversation after the workshop and closing such points.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I think that's what we discussed on Friday. So if if that point that came up on Friday is raised tomorrow. I mean, as if it's a new thing or tomorrow or the second session, etc. I think if understood what Raoul is saying is, rather than immediately reacting based on this, if we want to highlight what is our point of view based on this new info, but start with the baseline or the mainstream or whatever we originally agreed with them, so that at least for the rest of the audience, because this might not be applicable to every group company or every situation, We are consistent.

 I don't know if this is what you mean, Raoul, because I cannot remember the discussion. Maybe I actually didn't attend Friday afternoon, although maybe I had a conflict. Yeah, I joined the session. Yeah, but I'm not sure if I was on a call. But anyway, we have a situation now we need to decide because going into that meeting where we have everyone and we're not in agreement that this is the best forum, I think we need to decide may be showing everyone the mainstream and say, given some recent information and what we're discovering, there's a topic we need to discuss that will help us fine tune or create a calibrated version of what we're discussing.

 What we can discuss today is the standard. However, it's not applicable and we need to have a discussion with the core group, which we didn't get the chance yet because this is very fresh info, and we'd like to book half an hour or whatever with that core group. Can that diffuse the situation? Because what I agree to is the number, how many people we would have, and some of them, I mean, just starting with this sort of variation or tangent might lose them completely.

 Basim, are we aligned on this? Because as I mentioned, I agree with you in terms of we're ready, we reacted to something new, etc. But if it's going to create also a different set of feedback, and we're not sure, we need to pick our battle when to discuss it with the bigger audience or not.

Bastian Osorio:
I understand. But for me, the conservative thing to do is new process what I'm saying because what we propose in the BPD is way more complex and is way more I don't know hard to achieve than what we are proposing now.

Naamani, Mohamad:
What you're proposing is it applicable to every situation or group company or data set or no?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah I was Yes. It's way more like, let's say, flexible than the initial proposal. We said in the beginning, just forecast approval everywhere. We're saying, no, we have different scenarios depending on your requirement. So this is more flexible. So that's why I'm concerned showing what we put in the BPD, because it's way more complex. It will create way more noise, because basically, in the BBD will say we can forecast everything.



Patel, Rahul:
What I would recommend is rather than agreeing to a process in the discussion, we should agree that, okay, this is our current process, we understand this is an additional input, this might lead to certain change, but then based upon, we can demonstrate a scenario. If scenario is that you have forecast, this is how system will create. If scenario is that you don't have material, but we don't say that this is the only way you will do it, because we've not looked into their data in entirety right so I still want you to use your presentation and demonstrate a scenario taking one or two material saying if this is the case if you have less consumption it will lead to reorder planning if you have more consumption it will lead to forecast based planning this is absolutely in line with what you're doing but but we should not start with saying that okay this is a completely new process because just because we've agreed on something additional of course I think I think you're Your point is clear,

Naamani, Mohamad:
and that's why I was asking Bastian. What you're proposing, Bastian, is not for all situations. You'll say, for some of what we reviewed, and you showed on the Excel that subset, for this type of, let's call, when we reviewed, and for this finding in terms of data, that's what we recommend. This is not everything. We're still working on it, but at least for this cut, or this, let's call it the scenario, or yes, might be the best term, that's what we recommend to proceed with.

 This way you're not closing the door like Raul is saying, because again, let's be objective, we didn't check everything. Now, as you said, it might be all of the remaining data set or data element might be similar, or we might change, see something completely different. Let's keep the door open for another variation or scenario.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, I think it was maybe, yeah, that's what I was trying to say that I think this solution is more flexible than what we put in the BPD. So that's why I feel more confident, even more conservative in terms of the solution, because it has different options. We're not saying, OK, there is the option A, and that's it. That's all what you get. No, we're saying there's option A, there's option B, and we can fine-tune, adjust the part to determine which materials go to which option.

 That's why it's more flexible again. And versus BPD, Raul, do you see any pushback saying no?

Naamani, Mohamad:
Because I think unless they know everything inside out or what we offered, as long as we give them the end result, they wouldn't mind any simplification. The only thing we want to make sure of is change of process. That would be the tricky part.

Patel, Rahul:
careful with the words we're not going to say okay we change everything we don't we're not going to say that of course not and by the way Bastian the intention is to simplify process not to complicate the only thing is the way we achieve it uh with the right set of people so that we don't get resistance when we make the changes with respect to our bpd so I'm completely aligned with you so in in the workshop we just want to give them a glimpse of scenarios and not focus on the process change or it will completely change the process but we'll say that okay This is the data.

 If this is how the data looks like, this is how IBP will project you a forecast. If this is such data, IBP will create a reorder point. And I'm aligned to what you're saying. The only thing is, I don't want to conclude this as a process definition. Also, I've had a conversation with Khalid and Vignesh, and they are aligned to this change in the process. Which means, but they also want to say that the decision will be taken only based upon data.

 We should not hurry and take decisions based upon a limited set of data. So, Vignesh himself mentioned, if you are able to integrate with the IPP and give us, based upon our data, tell us how it looks like, and then we'll take a decision. So, you have a process variation, but that's backed by data. And that's what we'll show tomorrow. So, we will show that, okay, if such is the data, this is how the process will look like, If such is the data, this is how the process will look like, We are not agreeing or disagreeing to anything, but we are just showing the Yeah.

 Fine.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I think we just need to, in a way, be cautious how to portray things and then take it from there. Yeah.

Patel, Rahul:
Also, Vasan, one point is that while we are working on the interface, we are working on a limited set of data. We don't want to say that this is, or this is that's input because the moment we say that people might flip in that conversation because they're expecting the interface to working. While we have Khalid is aware of the challenges, technical team is aware of the technical challenges, the way we word it is we are still working on integrating rest of the data and this is the limited data for the purpose of validation, not for the purpose of data analysis.



Bastian Osorio:
So we are still working on it. Again, we're saying that this is my because of that tiny portion of data that we make this huge definition is the other way around. Well for having this this flexible approach well this is the result for this small set of data. With a different set of data the output could be different.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Sure sure I think Raul's point is because today we were referring to some challenges some data is missing etc I think what the way we can present it tomorrow. So correct me if I'm wrong, Raoul, just to say we're working with the core team. This is not the full data. Rather than refer to challenges missing, like today, for example, Morgan said, OK, so who's responsible? Let's name the person. At least tomorrow we might have a wider audience.

 And from a perspective, let's not get them involved in our housekeeping. By our, I mean the project, including Khaled, Vignesh, telling them this is a subset there are certain things that we're still importing it's taking us a bit more time and we're working with the team on it simply they just need to know that's not full but not to bug them or get them concerned because again they might take this yeah they might take this like an excuse ah so it's not going to be that good because the data is incomplete again keep in mind not everyone is subscribed yet the solution.



Patel, Rahul:
Okay, it's just that we don't have want to have conversation again that if you did not had entire data why we are having the session again.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Some people might come up with such comments so we don't want to we just want to make sure we want to use it and we'll be very clear this is the data that we have so far we would like everyone to be familiar with the system try the scenarios is it perfect not yet but that's what we'll be working on for the next few months However, giving you an 80-20 view, good visibility from the solution itself, getting familiar with the interface, how you build or how you view different capabilities, et cetera, and also a good cut of the data.

 And as we're progressing, we'll complete those in a couple of weeks or more, but we do not want to delay this because we'd like also, we need your opinion, your validation. Make it look like, again, what matters is their input.

Bastian Osorio:
Honestly, I felt pretty good about today's meeting. I feel the participation was really good.

Naamani, Mohamad:
They were very excited. Yeah, well, I don't know how many of the list of attendees have happened. Tara, for example. 12 out of 27.

Roumanos, Hadi:
How many? 12, 17 out of 27 or 12 out of 27.

Naamani, Mohamad:
But at one point, the count was 30 something on the call itself. It was a high attendance, but the point Tara is helping us figure out. Hadi, you're breaking up. Hadi, some people joined after that, so I have a list I can share.

Madhavan, Tara:
Yeah, yeah, but not not.

Naamani, Mohamad:
I mean, it's good something for us to monitor and the idea is we want to make sure like Bastian you said, whomever was involved, yes, they're interested. We want to make sure that we have a proper coverage, not 20-30%, so we're monitoring who got forwarded and is attending, although he or she is not the core user, so on and so forth. But yeah, I think it's a good start. Yes, no, no, I agree.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, they were engaged. I cannot speak about the people who didn't attend, but from the ones that were there, I think the feeling, the sensation of them. Even Morgan and Jagannath. Yeah, it's completely different.

Naamani, Mohamad:
It's completely different.

Bastian Osorio:
We stay the same way.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Yeah, no, no, definitely.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. See you tomorrow. Who has anyone?

1Bastian Osorio:
Yes, Mohammed.

1Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
So the deck for the awareness session is still dependent on this decision. So it may need to change. And I need to know what I'm supposed to say to AdNoc because the first thing...

Naamani, Mohamad:
Everyone will be there tomorrow, Kyle, so we'll manage them. Look, when you're stuck, you can refer to Raoul or to Hadi. Again, we need to have a standard. I don't know where Mo is. I mean, I thought we already finished with this, but if now it's depending on this thing, then we'll have a standard answer. I think Raoul, whatever we're referring to, We'll mention this and make sure whomever is asking for the deck will say this is basically the situation.

 We need to close this point before releasing it. So again, when you start rather than you be. Yeah, but the point is rather than you being the messenger kind as you did now raise it, but also tell the other side. OK, I'm happy I'll set up something with a technical team or the function team like the other guy Anton that came and was asking about the data. Don't be the messenger because it will be very hard.

 Just be more efficient. Say, okay, I'll reach out to the right person and connect you so that you'll have a discussion. That's for data. For this one, same thing. So let them come to us and we'll handle them while you need to be in the loop because also this is impacting your track. Okay?

Campbell, Kyle (UAE):
Yeah, but if Tarek tomorrow morning, he says to me, where's that deck you were supposed to send it to me? What is the reason why I been sent to him yet.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Okay, but Kyle, that's what we're, I mean, we need to, so we're saying there is one pending point and you'll have Raoul, everyone will be, at least Raoul will be there. We will explain, Khaled will be there. We will explain what is the pending point that is still preventing us from closing that orientation. Okay. If, if he came in the morning, then just tell him Raoul is coming and he'll have a chat with you.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK.

Roumanos, Hadi:
The point being, Kyle, any question that you don't have an answer for, feel free to revert it to Raoul or myself or Mohamed so that we can answer those questions, right? So don't feel like you're stuck is the answer to this. If you need separate sessions to discuss, we can do this. That's why I suggested the 9 AM. If he reaches out before that, then you can always tell him, I'll let my team explain and done.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
OK. Yeah. Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Rocio, I know you had a few points that you wanted to discuss that you've put in the chat. I don't know how much time people would like to spend on this call. We're almost at the 30-minute mark.

Rocio Minguillon:
So, yeah. No, but we already mentioned each of them. I mean, and I'm talking about the purpose of the feedback file with Gushu.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So, no, it's okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
The other two we already mentioned. Mention and we're all aware.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
All right, sounds good. All right, then. Thank you. All the best to everyone.

Rocio Minguillon:
Tomorrow's session is going to be a big session. Thank you, Rahul. You too. Good luck. Bye.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Thanks, everyone. Talk to you tomorrow.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Bye. Thank you.

Naamani, Mohamad:
Bye!

