Roumanos, Hadi:
Hello, how are you?

Sebastian Alba:
Good, good.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello. Hello.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Go ahead. You Should we get started? I don't know who else is going to join. Maybe a couple of people from GoSCM, but otherwise let's not waste everybody's time. Sebastian, anyone else joining from your team? I'll ask, but I'm not sure if they have this huddle.

Sebastian Alba:
It's okay, it's okay. If it's needed.

Roumanos, Hadi:
To be honest, I don't have anything on top of what we discussed yesterday, except I just wanted to get an update on the drilling discussion and whether or not we have any updates on the Wave 2 documentation for supply. So anyone have anything to share? Any risks that we've identified? In the meantime, Tara and I will be working on the whole invoicing milestone approval stuff.

Patel, Rahul:
Today's drilling session with Kinan went well. I think it was a very good session. So what we have agreed upon is to share our findings and our data with Kinan so that Kinan can go through it and help us reply to AdNoc in a better way. So that's what I'm going to do today is to share the details of what we've received from AdNoc to Kinan and get his feedback and the solution we are proposing from a trailing perspective so that we are all aligned there.

 That's one thing. Right now we are at a phase from trailing where we have clear understanding of what data has been shared and we have to reply to AdNoc. And I'll work with Kinan to make sure we reply in the right manner to AdNoc between today and Monday or Tuesday based upon Kinan's availability to make sure that we reply this to AdNoc. That's the update on Twitter.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Is there an update on, sorry, go ahead.

Patel, Rahul:
You are asking, the second question was supply only, right? Supply documentation?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Yeah, I had two questions in mind, but go ahead and I'll ask them later.

Patel, Rahul:
Okay. Supply documentation, probably Kunal, you can help us with the latest update, but I had a word with Mohammed Awadullah and explain him that we are working upon the closing of the comments. But I've also expressed him that we have not received any comments on drilling. And it's already two weeks since we have shared the document. So I would appreciate if you can get us comments on drilling as soon as possible.

 Or else it will delay the project. So that's what I've shared with him. I've confirmed him that the Wave 1 documentation is complete. And now we are pushing for Wave 2 documentation. I need his help to make sure we get maximum comments on drilling at least. You didn't get an answer yet, right? No, we didn't get an answer yet on drilling. Highlighted this to Mohammed Awadullah. He did say that he will internally speak to the respective stakeholders and make sure they comment as soon as possible.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So that's the update on...

Patel, Rahul:
Is there anything that Khaled can help with?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Because I want us to sort of put together a list of what we want from Khaled on Monday morning once he's back.

Patel, Rahul:
This is one of the risks we can highlight to Khaled saying that it's been two weeks. Non-availability of people and during holiday has led to not, we don't have the sufficient comments or feedback. And if we don't have, then we'll end up, the risk will be to further delay this overall approval process for supply documentation.

Sheth, Kunal:
Probably, is there anything, any news from side for sdd or not yet yeah so first I let me complete the bpd part for supply so grilling is already ready as we haven't received any comment from that maybe we can straight away and go with that approval process once we get an approval from the phadi but for the chemical and mrov we would need your support because multiple times I have done the follow with fakuri as well as with uh chero But they have not responded yet to complete the process part in the BPD document.



Roumanos, Hadi:
Who hasn't responded? Fahad and Shehroz?

Sheth, Kunal:
Yeah, yeah. So on the common chat, I have write multiple times. But still, I don't see any update on the document.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Can you please share an email to both of them, Simi and Mohamed? Sure. Just so that I'm able to follow up properly. Because if it's on the comment section, visible to us, right? So if you've pinged them multiple times, I can't see that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So...

Patel, Rahul:
Fakury is on leave and Sheroes is not on project, but Sheroes said that he'll be able to reply or cover in place of Fakury. So that's where I think the point is like,

Sheth, Kunal:
It's just hard to take two to three areas where we need to address and then we are good to go for submission for chemical and So there is not much inputs would be required from their side. It is just that I was under the impression that we would have support during the last week.

Roumanos, Hadi:
So I'm a bit concerned, but that's OK. Share an email and I'll reach out to them.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure.

Sheth, Kunal:
And Rahul, yesterday I have sent you the supply BPD for tying that is is completed from our side. Then we can share the draft version to the AdNoc for their use.

Patel, Rahul:
I'll do it.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Sheth, Kunal:
Okay. Yeah. So that is for the BRD and BPD part and for the SDD. So yesterday we were having a call with SAP expert with Paula. So they are also on the same line that whatever you have suggested, that is for the best practice. But if we introduce a new middleware in between DSA and S4 HANA, so again, it will be having an impact on the overall project timeline. So then we have requested to set up a follow-up call sometime next week based on Adnox availability because yesterday no one would there from the Adnox side.

 So only KPMG, GoSCM and SAP were there. Yeah, that we have shared that as an email to the entire group. So that is from the SDT side and for the firewall today Nishant has raised a one ticket for the Guruj sandbox access because we were stuck up in the IP address because are having a dynamic IP and because of that we are not able to access the rules and all. So today we have requested Nishant to set up a call so that during the screen sharing we will try to complete the configuration part in their system.



Roumanos, Hadi:
So 3 pm UA time we have set up a call. Are those delays on SDG impacting us in any way today or not yet?

Sheth, Kunal:
No, SDG is not directly impacting because now we are more focus on the firewall part. So that is already approved. So two points is still pending with the Kaiser. So Kaiser today is on sick leave. So he needs to respond to the SAP. So I already sent an email to him yesterday with the response which we need to send and the service user password is still missing.

Roumanos, Hadi:
so you're saying today we have no impact that's fine but when will we start having an impact because of this sdd will become issue when we reach to sit stage okay so we we still have some time to uh

Patel, Rahul:
close issues on std and right now the issue is the firewall or the integration is what the issue is the all the steps of integration are still not complete and what kunal mentioned steps with kaiser kaiser is sick and he is supposed to to close on two steps.

Roumanos, Hadi:
The reason I'm asking, the reason I'm asking is I want to mention it as early as next update to say we need SDD by X date. Otherwise we're going to get impacted from now because something tells me this is going to drag, right? So I don't want to find myself three weeks from now without this SDD sorted and them asking us why is it a problem? Yeah, sure. Yeah. We say SDD needs to be approved by that date, otherwise we'll have an impact.



Patel, Rahul:
Just a risk. Yeah, I got your point. We can put up a date around it, yeah. But right now the delays are still not stopped from a timeline perspective. That's fine, I'm aware. I just want to anticipate any future future delays, right, because of this whole thing. Yeah. And how did the meeting with GoSCM today, like on the planning, did it went through?

Roumanos, Hadi:
Because I don't think I had the invite today for the meeting. Hang on. You should be part of that discussion. One second. It's at three, if I'm not mistaken.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. Okay.

Patel, Rahul:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
If you can join, that would be great, just because I don't know whether Mohammed is going to be able to join, so it would be good if you're there. The reason is I want to make sure we anticipate or we take into account the right assumptions. But anyway, we'll have that discussion with Sebastian in half an hour. That's fine. Okay. All right. What else? Anyone else? Has anything. I think the FAQ, Kyle, you're going to start slapping everyone unless you got your feedback already.

 I haven't got feedback yet on the FAQs and also the award submission, please. Let's make sure we get this done today. Let's try and not make it drag until next week. If it does, Kyle, send an email to Mohamed, escalate, you know, on everyone that's fine yeah just uh just say hey I know I know nobody wants that but I mean we need to be responsive at this point okay anything else anyone okay tara I think the expense discussion we moved until Monday.

 That's going to be important between you, myself, Rosio, just to make sure we're on track in terms of expenses. Let's have a similar discussion with all the leads. So we'll have the same discussion with Kyle. We'll have the same discussion with Fakhoury. The whole idea is to say by now we burned X percent. What's the prognostic for future burn rates of expenses to make sure we're not, you know, overburning.

 That's the main idea. Maybe we can combine that expense discussion with a time spent or time burned discussion, similar to the one we had a month ago, just to close the year with, hey, these are the numbers and that's what we suspect is going to be the burn rate for the next few months. That way we can give some level of comfort to Fadi as well when we talk to him next.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Roumanos, Hadi:
All right, I don't know when the next tier code is going to happen. Ideally, when it happens, we should have a view of this merged goal discussion that we had the previous time around, and we can discuss this Sebastian during our next call. The idea is, while there was a decision to go with the initial plan, just a re-baselined plan, They still asked us to say, hey, what are the efficiencies you can realize if you do one single go live, blah, blah, blah.

 So we need to figure this out before the next year go, which I don't know when it's going to happen, but it's something that we need to keep track of

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Roumanos, Hadi:
That's what I have on my list.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Anyone else? Thanks guys. Have a good weekend.

Roumanos, Hadi:
Thank you and have a nice weekend. Thank you.

