UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello, everyone.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
I hope you guys had a good weekend.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Are you in India right now? Yeah, I'm in India. So I understand you guys are planning to be in Abu Dhabi. The last two weeks of Jan, like 20th Jan to 30th Jan, correct?

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
That's the plan.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Okay, so I'm also planning my travel accordingly. I think today's hurdle, we'll have some discussion around it.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, because the important thing is to start defining the user for the unit testing. It's something we need to We need to define clearly. We need to plan users.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
We need to plan the meeting invites and then make sure people are available during those. So you're saying we'll need two weeks and will you have agenda for that? Like we need to define agenda for those like all different sessions will have across all different areas.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
How are we planning those meetings?

Bastian Osorio:
So. Yeah, there are a few things there. So we need to first define who's going to be the key users. And if we have, I think, if we have all the representatives from all the different AGCs, then we will have to do the unit testing into like into separate groups. So we need to define if we can address one group in one week and the other group in the next week, or if we're going to do, for example, morning one group and afternoon the other group and do it

Arun Singh:
in two weeks.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Also, do we expect them to have access to IPP?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so probably there are a few things we'll need to plan, make sure they have access, make sure they have the plugin add-on created. Maybe the first session can be more like navigate through IVP and then yes to the society so probably then I guess batch and we also need to maybe have a session where how we plan those those meetings for sure as you mentioned we need to identify the key stakeholders but then along with their stakeholders how many sessions will plan what is the agenda for each and every session like which subject will cover in which session so yeah that means We need to, similar to what we did for workshop planning, maybe we need to have a plan for this meetings as well so that we have the right stakeholders and right people available for the meeting.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, absolutely. Sure. And anyone for not available today's morning's meeting.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So no one was available. We don't have called it. Steve is out of office. Muhammad Ashiq is available, but he is away. I don't know. Let's continue for five, 10 minutes, or else we will. Maybe. Let's hold. By the way, Hector Palacios, On the supply documents, we've received comments for each of these documents on AdNoc's side. So I would request you guys to have a look at those comments and see if anything is just important.

 Kunal, probably we can plan a session later today or a quick 15-minute discussion.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 3:
Or if no one from AdNoc joins, probably we can use this time to go through that once and see. And we can then commit a date to add now, then by what date we can get back to them to close the document, like our replies. So the way we are planning is we've given them last week to comment. They provided the comment. Now probably this week we'll utilize to put up our replies and make sure the document is updated as per the comment, and maybe Monday next week we send them for approvals.



Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So, that's what I think, a high-level plan, but I just want to make sure we are aligned on this plan, whether we'll be able to, like, provide all our feedback by this week for the document approval.

Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS):
I just wanted to align with you guys.

Bastian Osorio:
Arun?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sorry, Rahul?

Bastian Osorio:
Yes. The documents are in the AdNoc share folder, right? Not in the KPMG share folder.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 3:
Correct, because we had to take feedback from AdNoc, right? Yeah. So the documents are on AdNoc share folder.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, cool.

Bastian Osorio:
Will we have sessions with them as we did for the web one?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
We don't plan to.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Maybe they may they might interest but as of now the plan is that they've provided their feedback will reply with our feedback and Try to get approvals based upon feedback only rather than having meetings and discussions because meetings and discussions Does not necessarily need a lot of conclusion and approval So if we are able to address all their all their questions and queries in the SharePoint or ShareFolder, then I hope we can request for their approval based upon this.

 I don't want to have meeting the way we did for Wave 1, but if I knock versus that they want to have call, then probably we'll plan those discussion, but at least from our side, let's reply the comments first so that even if we want to have a probably we'll have one discussion per document just to make sure if there are any questions.

Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS):
And on a specific point.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
I don't want to make it like when we open the documents and read through the document in front of the entire team. I don't want to do that.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, it wasn't the most productive thing.

Bastian Osorio:
And because we are not that far away from the unit testing, I think it will be more productive in that way. Although, of course, for drilling, we still have like a month, maybe more within a month to start with the unit testing. But we're going to get there. And first, we're going to have the unit testing for demand and inventory. And then the solution will start to make sense.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So drilling, by the way, we also need to get back to them with the data request, right?

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, we were discussing that last week.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 3:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
So we're discussing that last week, so I hope by this week we'll be able to get back to them with additional data if required, right?

Bastian Osorio:
That's the plan, correct? Yeah, I mean, I send you an email regarding because we have some. I think we are able to provide some some solutions or some small demo for. For the main users let's say of course Abdul Latif and I'm not sure who else I'm not sure I don't know their names I'm not good with names but if we get yeah we want to get this confirmation so we can work with the with the unit testing for what we have now.



Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So what we can do is tomorrow we have this technical session right we have Abdul Latif and we have Vignesh as part of this. So all the delineated key users are invited there, which means that we can utilize. Do you think we can utilize that time to go through that? Do you want to have that discussion only with Vignesh first or Abdul Latif and Mohammed Ashiq, the key users, join the discussion with Vignesh?

 How do you want to have this?

Arun Singh:
What do you think, Garun? I think first we need to Input check is input as well.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Uh. Hello.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so while the ad hoc team was joining, we were just going through the discussion ourselves.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Further links.

Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV):
Since abilities on leave, yeah, yeah, it actually responded to this meeting request.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
No, she did not respond and he seems to be aware.

Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV):
as well. Yeah, maybe a prior.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
So, Jaganath, you requested what's the agenda for tomorrow's meeting, right?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So, we were discussing that. So, the tomorrow, so we have this weekly two hours meeting every two days in a week is to, is a placeholder for us to go through all the open points and then discuss if you need any input from the team, right? Because since we are now parallelly building the solution, discussing open points is important. We need some meeting in place so that we can discuss and connect with you guys.

 So that's why those meetings are there. If in any discussion, if we feel we do not have sufficient point for discussion, we can conclude that meeting in a shorter time. Or something like we can, now that we don't have drilling people today, we have invited them to this technical sessions as well. We can try to utilize tomorrow's meeting time for this follow-up discussion on drilling. So that's the agenda for those meetings, Jaganath.

 So I think let's utilize tomorrow's meeting, Jaganath, for this drilling discussion. And then probably we will continue our internal discussion here. All right. Thank you. Thank you.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Bye.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Thanks, Jaganath. So Hector and Bastian, let me check if Vignesh is available.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
Vignesh is on DND. Let me ping him. So if Vignesh is available, we would like to share. Showcase in the solution, right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Vignesh.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
30 minutes would be good enough for us?

Arun Singh:
For meeting with Vignesh, 30 minutes is good enough? Yeah, I think so. He'll be running now? No, I'm just checking with him. During the day-to-day, if he's available for 30 minutes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
So I've pinged him, let's see.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So if he gets back, I'll go ahead and plan the meeting with him, OK? So based upon his ability, all of us would be comfortable today for any time, right? 30 minutes? OK. OK. Anything else? Anyone would like to discuss here? I know. Yeah, one thing.

Arun Singh:
When do we have that drilling meeting right with Canon?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
It's on coming Friday.

Arun Singh:
Can we have it on Thursday because I'll be not available from Friday till next week Thursday?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Canon is only available on Fridays. Can you? Reply to the chat, which is going on with GoSCM and KPMG, so that Mo Fakhoury can confirm. Generally, what I know, Kinan is available only on Fridays, but then if you can reply to the chat or team, then Mo Fakhoury can check and confirm that.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Before we conclude, I have just noted down all the review feedback coming from Chemicals and MR of our Supply Planning. So I will address to Hector and Bashien where we need input to complete those responses part and couple of points related to Mohan and Fakury also. So after this call I will just, Bashien you need not to go to the entire document, just you can focus on that particular comment and then we are good to go.



Bastian Osorio:
Sorry, sorry, sorry, Kunal, but we need Vivek. We need Vivek here because Vivek was the one who created this document, so.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Sorry, Vivek? OK, OK. So let me address to Vivek also for MR1 chemical. So I don't see any comments in the drilling and tying document.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
So the tying document, this is still open, right?

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Tying for supply planning is open.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Demand planning, we don't see any comments from the planning. Anyways, we said we will finish it by this week.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Correct.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
No, I sent it last week. The demand, not the supply.

Bastian Osorio:
You send the demand last.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, I can. I sent both.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
But I don't see document is complete from the supply planning point of view. And it is more of the content inherited from the drilling document.

Bastian Osorio:
But that, I mean, that is what we have. I'm aware that we don't have, the document is pretty generic, but we don't have more information than that.

Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Basti, you created an additional document, right?

Bastian Osorio:
Is that part of the There is a tie-in document, yeah? There is a tie-in, a supply tie-in document.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
And where did you share that? In the same folder? Yeah. I think just to have a clarification, let me share my screen. Yeah, so, Bashir, I think you are referring to this document. I can see that you have updated last two days ago.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Let me open this. It's very standard.

Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS):
It's like Chemicals basically.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Because I can only see the drilling terminology.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't see time. That's why.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
See one is this section is incomplete theory apps which we can see here on the that I have highlighted in the chat on Friday. And here, if you can see, these are the drilling, basically, component, we can say, OTCG.

Bastian Osorio:
But we don't have a difference between the drilling materials and the tie-in materials. We may have separate material codes.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
That's an open item question where we need to, in the technical session, identify how we can set up identify drilling metal versus tying metal, but the metal type is same. So, but this point is not relevant. Scope for drilling materials, this is not a drilling material, this is tying metal, right? The category scope for tying metal should be used and all the drilling subsections needs to be removed.



Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, but that's the thing that we don't have a, because we don't have a way to differentiate the scope for drilling material for then for tie in materials, what should I put here?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
So only tying metals, right? That's an open item, right? We will work with the technical team to identify how to differentiate fitting metal versus tying materials. AdNoc will have to help us identify the metals, right, metal category. But then, see, that's where the feedback comes from AdNoc team, whether you understood our process. Because if we continue showing them drilling and the tying, then they will again question whether you understood or not.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Because I'm trying to show it as an open point.

Bastian Osorio:
See here, so you can see all the drilling material, everything are same.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I don't see any change.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Yeah, but it's the same. It's the same. It's the same.

Bastian Osorio:
You're right. It's the same. But the definition is the same. But we should not mention drilling material.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 2:
We should always mention if it's a tying document, we should at least mention tying documents, right? How do we identify if it's a separate thing? But at least in the document, we should say it's a tying material or tying document.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We cannot say it is a drilling.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
See, transitional data are also the same. So that's why I don't see the difference between drilling and tying documents. So I thought before sharing with the AdNoc team, let us have a look on it.

Bastian Osorio:
I will take another look to replace all the drilling materials for tight in material. But other than that, for example, the information will be loaded at well level as well.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
And as for my understanding, even this, these are also not applicable, OTCG well head. They are having a separate time category.

Bastian Osorio:
But not sure that's what that's what we're saying. There is no way to differentiate them.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
In this one at least. Right?

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
So Rahul, how would you like to proceed by just replacing the drilling with the time? Is this still applicable? All the six categories? As well as once this part is filled up. Then we are good to go right. At least to share with the AdNoc as a part of the deliverables of Wave 2 for time. Because tying material are a subset of the drilling material. All the six categories won't apply here.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
We don't know. That's the point.

Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Maybe some of them are just applicable and many other categories are not applicable.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
at all.

Arun Singh:
Right, so we don't know.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
So I think let us discuss and finalize how we would like to proceed because we don't have much clarity on time part. So especially Basen, wherever you see the drilling just update with the time and this theory section columns. So at least we are complete from the documentation point of view and then we will discuss and decide because on Friday we need to supposed to send this document to AdNoc but we are late by one day yeah sure sure yeah and I'll also share you all of you regarding the comments which you have received and the action which you need to take BRD and two BPDs one for MR and one for chemicals supply planning let us try to close that part and then we will because I think we are also only to write an email that afterwards we are not going to accept new comments otherwise it's a never-ending story for us okay then let's connect and

Bastian Osorio:
for question for the for the demand for demanding inventory we got did we have those do we have all approvals or are still with missing asthma.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
We have all the approvals for demand and inventories. It's cool. So so the way one lock all the way one documents are approved.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
So now we are just discussing that once the theory of column are getting updated for the time and wherever you are mentioning that we should not use the drilling word instead of tine like here scope of but if we use for tine material I don't see all this six categories are applicable right. So this part is still unclear for us.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
We need to take those out. Those categories are for drilling materials not for tine materials. That's right.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Because steamies also don't have much clarity on it. So what do you think? Shall we go ahead and submit this document today to AdNoc for review?

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Yes. Yeah, so if we get the confirmation, so let's not use drilling word. Let's use tying word wherever we say material. It should be tying material. Take those obvious things out, like categories. We know OTCG and wellhead are drilling categories. These are not tying categories. Let's take that out. Also, in the tying, we don't have any VMI. We have this confirmation, right? So let's make sure that we don't mention anything specific to VMI in tying.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah. Yeah, that is out.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
Yeah, so if we are aligned on those high level things, what we've discussed for time, then I got I got I got rid of BMI. Yeah, perfect. OK, then I think we are aligned here, then if the question if you can give us confirmation. Yes, Kunal, you can review finally from your side and then if I can send this to AdNoc.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
Sure, sure. I will just give you an update once I receive your feedback from Bashi.

Conference Room (Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS)) - Speaker 1:
And today, end of the day, we'll share it with AdNoc then. Yeah. Perfect. OK, then let's connect in an hour for our workflow planning discussion. All right, thank you.

Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS):
OK, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, bye.

