{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1733983488623,"end_time":1733983504255,"speaker":{"name":"Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},"words":"As-salamu alaykum Abdul. Hello everyone. Good morning. Good morning, Nikita. You."},{"start_time":1733983539773,"end_time":1733983541907,"speaker":{"name":"Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},"words":"Are you waiting for someone?"},{"start_time":1733983541907,"end_time":1733983544469,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"We can start right if required."},{"start_time":1733983544469,"end_time":1733983606103,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"I think Mohammed Asif is on hold, but then Abdul is here. So I think we just need Abdul and Asif on the call, right? Or at least really. Yeah, Asif I think is on hold. Let's wait for him for a minutes and then we can start. Yeah, let's open. Yeah, but in the meantime, Abdul, we only see that there are a few comments from weakness on the link discussion. There are no comments from you or she gone. The document.\n\n So I was wondering. Also, that's the thing that I was wondering. We are perfectly fine with the document, which means we get the sign up and we continue working on our discussions. Mainly the only understanding which is not covered here that's what we want to do okay so let's go through document and we'll try to clarify what are the understandings which are not covered here and then but in general you're"},{"start_time":1733983606103,"end_time":1733983647012,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"okay with the document which we have shared see it's all mainly the eye level so what the mostly whatever we discuss in the workshop is covered here so we'll go through and So same way what we done last time, we will continue and we will finish it off. Okay. So what we can do, last time we put some clarification during our discussion, isn't it? Did you capture somewhere, Rahul? So we got some more clarity in whatever the point we discussed last time, like some clarification or not a comment.\n\n More clarity sector point."},{"start_time":1733983647012,"end_time":1733983663790,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So let's go through the document and we can I think we are aligned on most of the points so we should not take a lot of time around but yeah so once Ashik is online we can start the conversation."},{"start_time":1733983663790,"end_time":1733983747239,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Exactly and also see first most thing what we understand from our drilling as well so they want to see some like demo because they didn't get clear picture completely, even though we explained. And so they said, yeah, the concept is clear, but they want to know more on how it works and what are the input required. They are ready to do whatever we want, like providing in the sheet. And also, from our side, what we are to do, We want to minimize the continuous effort.\n\n Whenever there is any continuous effort required, that's what we are doing in the integration with WMS. And internally, within offshore, we already aligned with the planning team as well. And actually, the planning team is the owner for the DBC, which is the WMS, and the next is the WOM. As we discussed last time, it will come in the Excel sheet in the beginning. However, there's a requirement from Onshore, we want to integrate it.\n\n So once we, what I explained to them, once we integrate to Onshore, so which is applicable for Offshore as well, because it's in the same system basically."},{"start_time":1733983747239,"end_time":1733983805018,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah, so I am aligned with it, so let's go through the documentation. The only thing about the demo we also discussed Abdul in the last meeting as well that we need two three well data for both onshore and offshore. The entire bill of material, the well plan and everything. So I've also sent shared the templates with you. I think day before yesterday. So if you can help us with data, we need to model the data on S4 HANA site.\n\n See how the bill of materials can be defined and then work towards building the solution. So if we can agree on that, the design document what we have, which I understand is in high level, but that's what we need at this point of time. And then if you can provide us data, we can start working on making it more specific as per our discussion. And then during the build, we can give them demonstration with the systems when the system is ready in an appropriate way.\n\n That's clear."},{"start_time":1733983805018,"end_time":1733983825054,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"So one more thing I want to say, now we have to expedite the retailing part. So in this case, mainly the connectivity to the SAP and the bring the information and the producing the reports and all, isn't it? It's really the priority part of it. Mainly, isn't it?"},{"start_time":1733983825054,"end_time":1733983864200,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah, so yeah, that's what, so we are highlighting some of the points which we need to expedite this. So from our side, whatever based upon our discussions, whatever is required, We will work on those. At the same time, we'll need support from AdNoc team to create those pending material masters, bill of materials, and all those things. So we will create a list of actions which we need from AdNoc and which we need from project team so that if there is this requirement, there is this discussion to go live early, then we are all aligned on what actions are required from everyone to make sure that this happens.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733983864200,"end_time":1733983889512,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Maybe Ashik is here now. My suggestion here see if you put the like the exploration part if we produce the information from SAP and in the very beginning and let's say the supply part whatever so we can reflect in the as a first phase then gradually we have to build from the demand side of it."},{"start_time":1733983889512,"end_time":1733983952981,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So let's let's do one thing let's focus our conversation to at least get the drilling document discussed and approved, because that's the first step for us to do anything in the system. And then in the meantime, as we close this, we will come up with a plan of what needs to be done, and we'll align how we are able to expedite if we can on the implementation. Because I don't want to have both the converters right now.\n\n We'll focus on the documentation, because that's the most important thing for us want to start working on it. OK. So before we start conversation, I just wanted to align with you on the approvers. We've shared documents with all of you. So Khalifa and Asma are the approvers. And based on all our discussions, we know Ashik and Abdul, you are the coordinator for Onshore Offshore. Is Read's name correct for Sawargas?\n\n Or one of you will take care of Sawargas as well."},{"start_time":1733983952981,"end_time":1733983959030,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Hello, yes. Rido, you are there on the call, right?"},{"start_time":1733983959030,"end_time":1733983972944,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Yeah, yeah. Who? Rido is also here. Rido is also needed, right? So yeah. So and from HQ, we've been talking with Jaganath."},{"start_time":1733983972944,"end_time":1733984024030,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"And then I was told that for Ali Asad and Al Dhafra, you will be taking those conversation as well to the to the IGCs so their requirement is part of the discussions we are doing correct yeah that is already in the requirements we don't have separate system I think yeah yeah I just wanted to make sure because I was told these are the group companies which are which will have this drilling solution so and then from a documentation perspective I just wanted to make sure all the required stakeholders today are in the meeting so that we can review and finalize the document for approval.\n\n So that considering that there is urgency on drilling side, we can proceed with the document approval and then start working on it as soon as possible."},{"start_time":1733984024030,"end_time":1733984042266,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Okay, as she suggested, don't put Aldophora and Eleasath as separate signatures. So it's what you can put a note that the Eleasath and Aldophora is part of Adnok Offshore and Onshore plan. So basically it will cover through these plans."},{"start_time":1733984042266,"end_time":1733984048152,"speaker":{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},"words":"And Ali and Helang Yasha also, right? That is not included here."},{"start_time":1733984048152,"end_time":1733984055510,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Helang Yasha, we need to separate, you know, they are participating. Yeah, they are participating."},{"start_time":1733984055510,"end_time":1733984060416,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Alia Saath and Aldafra are part of Adnok Onshore, right?"},{"start_time":1733984060416,"end_time":1733984085099,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Onshore and Offshore you can put. Plans. So there is no exclusive TMO. The forecast is incorporated. Aliasat, it is coming under the ADNOC offshore DBC."},{"start_time":1733984089615,"end_time":1733984102232,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"The wells are already planned within the onshore and offshore DWAs."},{"start_time":1733984102232,"end_time":1733984118290,"speaker":{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},"words":"So there is no separate entity being provided. No separate planning team or entity."},{"start_time":1733984118299,"end_time":1733984143270,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"No, no, no, covered from hydroxide, correct?"},{"start_time":1733984143270,"end_time":1733984146872,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Now, the Telangasha and Sorgas separate."},{"start_time":1733984146872,"end_time":1733984151074,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"So, Sorgas we have already considered, right?"},{"start_time":1733984151074,"end_time":1733984166684,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So, based upon all our discussion, we agreed that whatever solution we are designing, but onshore and offshore, Sorgas will also use the same solution, correct?"},{"start_time":1733984166684,"end_time":1733984183842,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Yesterday also during discussions, That's some questions from our side because we don't use the WLS system in short gas. There will be any flexibility later on in the future if we have to use the same system or it will be a template that's going."},{"start_time":1733984183842,"end_time":1733984198654,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So let's go through the solution what we are discussing so that you are aware of what the solution is being built so that you can internally align what solution to adopt. Based upon what we are discussing here."},{"start_time":1733984198654,"end_time":1733984210263,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Actually, if we are not using this term, the Excel load option is already there, so you can just verify the Excel load option. You can use Excel load."},{"start_time":1733984210263,"end_time":1733984216268,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Yes, I already mentioned the same also to our user here during the discussion yesterday."},{"start_time":1733984216268,"end_time":1733984216669,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1733984216669,"end_time":1733984222674,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"If you want to bring your user, you can bring it here for further discussion."},{"start_time":1733984222682,"end_time":1733984241777,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"so most of the end-users are already participated also if you want to invite them you are more welcome yes so hellen gasha abdulakib this is a separate entity you said it is part of hq only right?"},{"start_time":1733984241777,"end_time":1733984248705,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"hq is managing hellen gasha built and it will join here."},{"start_time":1733984248705,"end_time":1733984258434,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"Abdul, you know Hainan Gacha is operated by Lockshore, is that right or not?"},{"start_time":1733984258434,"end_time":1733984270758,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Not fully, only some part, only some part, the majority under Lenders HQ. So who is in Hainan Gacha?"},{"start_time":1733984270766,"end_time":1733984273498,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"Who's securing and inventing?"},{"start_time":1733984273498,"end_time":1733984274181,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Nabil."},{"start_time":1733984274181,"end_time":1733984280326,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Nabil and Mohamed Ali also there, under Handobe team."},{"start_time":1733984280326,"end_time":1733984287154,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"Okay, can you involve Nabil in the review? Yeah, exactly."},{"start_time":1733984287154,"end_time":1733984293983,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"So, we... One second. So, I'm trying to pull in."},{"start_time":1733984293983,"end_time":1733984298080,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So, Nabil is for what, Abdul?"},{"start_time":1733984298080,"end_time":1733984298763,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Elangasha."},{"start_time":1733984300070,"end_time":1733984310603,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Helen Gershon. So. Because you're not. It was part of the discussion. Involved in the previous discussions, workshops."},{"start_time":1733984310603,"end_time":1733984385604,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So at this point of time, based upon the earlier discussion from HQ, we had shared this document only to Jaganath. We have not shared this document to Nabil. Based upon all our previous discussion, we agreed that the onshore and offshore solution primarily decide the solution design. So based upon all this discussion, we have finalized the document. And we expect that today we review and get approval for the document.\n\n So if we, so I'm not saying, I don't think at this point of time, we have the time scope available or timeline to have additional review sessions. Probably, if required, we can have discussion with them. But then we are assuming that the requirement, what we have discussed at this point of time, is complete. There can be minor changes, which are related to HAL and GESHA, which we can review during the build and say that if there are some minor changes, for sure we'll be able to do that.\n\n But then the process design, what we have discussed up till now, I hope the process does not change this completely for elimination."},{"start_time":1733984385604,"end_time":1733984389494,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"No, I don't think so. It will not change completely."},{"start_time":1733984389494,"end_time":1733984392217,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"OK. If the process is not changing?"},{"start_time":1733984392217,"end_time":1733984392606,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1733984392606,"end_time":1733984401552,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"We would like just to involve them in our review. That's all. OK. So for future, they know what we are doing here."},{"start_time":1733984401552,"end_time":1733984402330,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Perfect. OK."},{"start_time":1733984402330,"end_time":1733984419325,"speaker":{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},"words":"And then I think for us, for this document, we don't need the end user any focal point of end-user for endorsement on the design? Because there are parts of the planning as well in this part, right? Yes."},{"start_time":1733984419325,"end_time":1733984454673,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So that's where, from a project perspective, Mohamad, you and Abdul are our focal points. And we've also had this discussion to the end-user where we've shared the initial solution and they have aligned with the high-level process. So right now the document highlights the high-level process which we have discussed with anyone and we've agreed upon with everyone that is fine just because we just want the end-users commitment to you know whatever the changes that may be"},{"start_time":1733984454673,"end_time":1733984471160,"speaker":{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},"words":"there we want their commitment so maybe we can add there I don't know maybe Khalifa can also advise if we need them or not We agree that they are already involved in our workshops, right?"},{"start_time":1733984471160,"end_time":1733984498259,"speaker":{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},"words":"And we already informed them about there is a change and we will keep them informed but no need for approval from them in writing. You know, but there will be an alignment between the team here who is handling the project and the group of companies, but not the end users themselves."},{"start_time":1733984498259,"end_time":1733984499131,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK. OK."},{"start_time":1733984499131,"end_time":1733984520445,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So before we start, I just wanted to get an overview of that. We've shared the document on SharePoint with the team. So I hope you guys were able to review it. So can I assume that you have reviewed the document? Is this correct?"},{"start_time":1733984520445,"end_time":1733984522901,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah. Yes, yes, yeah, you do."},{"start_time":1733984522901,"end_time":1733984542135,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"You also got the right and you also review the document. Yeah, we review even myself also sitting with the drilling team here. Then they are already here. Confirm that the line with the some note, but this note is fine. I don't see any any concern."},{"start_time":1733984542135,"end_time":1733984565440,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Then if we have reviewed the let quickly go through the document. Who sharing document? I will ask shadows to share the document and then we can walk through the document and see if there are any open questions which can be answered and then will proceed with."},{"start_time":1733984565440,"end_time":1733984566461,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"We have."},{"start_time":1733984566461,"end_time":1733984570037,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"I hope you also reviewed the document."},{"start_time":1733984570037,"end_time":1733984572079,"speaker":{"name":"Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV)"},"words":"This company is OK."},{"start_time":1733984574864,"end_time":1733984575414,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1733984575414,"end_time":1733984691741,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So as of now, there are no comments on the document. So what we'll do is we'll quickly go through the process on a high level. And then if there are any specific questions, we'll address those specific questions. And if there are no specific questions, then considering that you are review the document, we can then discuss the next steps. Certain comments by Vignesh which aren't there yet. So, can you zoom in a bit?\n\n Yeah, so this is a high-level process flow or drilling process we have discussed. So, to summarize the process, we will have the well plan from DW system and then we will have the bill of material from S4 HANA. This well plan and the bill of from S4 HANA will get loaded into IBP and will help us create five-year well plan. And for this five-year well plan, the drilling demand will be calculated in IBP.\n\n This can be reviewed. And step six is essentially if there are adjustment required, changes required, those can be go through. And if the drilling demand is reviewed and approved, then essentially this is the final step from a demand perspective so that this is the demand which goes into supply planning. In the supply planning we have a lot more details about the VMI inventory and how the alternate materials, the branded materials and the stock on different materials and availability and all those things are covered in supply planning.\n\n So, but from a demand perspective the process summarizes this is the process and here we are making sure that we have the drilling demand on the generic material available. As the first input for supply planning. Any questions on this high level process?"},{"start_time":1733984691741,"end_time":1733984704306,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Yeah, the this the this like we already asked this. The W the WBS for a template that you will provide any already sample created or."},{"start_time":1733984704306,"end_time":1733984738041,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"No, so as part of the detailing discussion we are having, we will continue working with DWS team to identify fields and create templates so that we can work on both interface with DWS stream as well as manual upload so that first priority probably will be manual upload which will be faster and then we'll align with DWS stream on the timeline of how interface can be activated so that it becomes streamlined and redo for you if you don't use DWS then probably the manual upload is what you can use to upload the well plan.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733984738041,"end_time":1733984746070,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Okay now the periodically for the well plan is it any any time periodic or quarterly in the beginning of the year or."},{"start_time":1733984746070,"end_time":1733984763684,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So what what we understand is that our general recommendation is to review the well plan every month, but then the frequency can be agreed upon by the team. Like how frequently you would like to upload or change the well plan is something we can align with."},{"start_time":1733984764051,"end_time":1733984772691,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"There's no time restriction on the on the on this load well plan, isn't it? So we can always review and every month."},{"start_time":1733984772691,"end_time":1733984788714,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yes, so recommendation is to review every month so that changes between the months from a demand can be accommodated and then the supply planning can ensure that the latest information is available in terms of availability as per the change"},{"start_time":1733984788714,"end_time":1733984791840,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"plan to everyone. OK. Abdul."},{"start_time":1733984791840,"end_time":1733984796553,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Any comments here or shall in the next section."},{"start_time":1733984796553,"end_time":1733984801206,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"We can, it's already rationally reviewed. Yeah, this is fine."},{"start_time":1733984801206,"end_time":1733984818423,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"This is fine, right? So the next steps are basically detailing out the steps. So do we have any specific question or specific section, Abdul, you want me to go through where you need more clarity?"},{"start_time":1733984818423,"end_time":1733984826510,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"No, we can go through the points. High level then I don't need the depleted one so we can go through quickly."},{"start_time":1733984826510,"end_time":1733984829402,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah okay so let's let me go through this."},{"start_time":1733984829402,"end_time":1733984838722,"speaker":{"name":"Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},"words":"I think we can use the since everyone reviewed we can use if there's if there are comments otherwise just quickly proceed just also in the interest of time."},{"start_time":1733984838722,"end_time":1733984956403,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah that's that's the idea so so this is the process details or demand we are we are again talking about integration between DWS we have clearly mentioned here is based upon excel sheet or interface directly with CIDS. So this is something we'll continue. This is something based upon this agreement. We'll continue working on defining the interface requirement fields and mapping between the interface.\n\n Let's proceed to the next section. So these are some of the data objects, what we are seeing, materials, locations, location product, well, bomb, all these things what we will get from different systems. This section only highlights the data which is required by IBP. Scroll down. This section highlights the transactional data, like what is the stock, what is the VMI stock, what is the cost, what is the historical convention, what is the reservation, all those open PO, open purchase order PR, all these things are highlighted here.\n\n This is just a generic example of Based upon our demo, we have shared that how the screens may look like, This is not the final one, but based upon whatever input we have. So as we continue in the build, we will update. We will work to get to define the final template with all the fields what we need. This is just an initial representation based upon our discussion. So we have already discussed our scenario planning, which means we can have what-if scenario planning.\n\n So based upon how the well-planned changes, you can look at, you can run the what-if scenarios. And based upon, this was also one of the requirements where the planning team wants to look at, based upon different scenarios, what is the impact and what is the outcome so that the scenario can be finalized into final. So this section allows us to understand how scenario planning can happen."},{"start_time":1733984961510,"end_time":1733985169222,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So this is about the consumption of the forecast. So basically historical consumption and forecast would be available for us so that we can review what we are forecasting and what is the actual consumption and what is the accuracy of our drilling plan year on year. Final section was the publishing of the drilling plan. And then there is this section highlights what are the different reports. This is again representation reports during the build as we create all the data.\n\n And based upon the data, we will recommend some reports. And then we'll take feedback from the team also, and input from the team on what different reports are required, which can be created as dashboards for users to use, as well as for approvers to review the data so that they can efficiently review the data and approve the billing plan. So this is what we are talking about. The planning calendar this is the redo so this is the planning calendar where we say that demand review should happen in first two weeks and the supply planning should happen in last two weeks so this this activity repeats every month where first two weeks we focus on demand make sure demand is finalized and then essentially in the last two weeks the supply planning happens and the PRs are released.\n\n These are the roles we've identified. We have drilling planner, drilling manager, inventory controller and the process champion who orchestrates the overall process. Just to add, you might see the formatting a bit messed up. It's because it's a browser version. On the actual properly formatted. So here, based upon all the discussions in the related requirements section, we have captured all the discussions we've been discussing so that we don't lose track of all the points we've discussed in different workshops are updated here.\n\n And the status of the same is updated here. So that we'll continue working on all those points we have been discussing across. And this section highlights the changes, what we need to do. These are the rise up objects. The interface we need to build and changes we need to do specific to the link process. And the section highlights the test scripts we will have to do once the solution is complete. These are some of the test conditions we will test during the build process.\n\n So and then the last section essentially highlights the open So all the open points which are still open and we are working upon either on projecting or not are highlighted here so that this is not the final version. While this is the baseline design we are agreeing to, changes or tweaks to the solution will happen as we build the solution. You have a look at the solution with your own data, then you will have a better feel of the solution and you may come up with changes to the solution or tweaking to the solution or minor changes.\n\n All those things can be reviewed during the build phase. So that's how we can proceed with this document review and approval, considering that there are some open points which we will continue working on addressing those as we proceed in the build phase."},{"start_time":1733985169222,"end_time":1733985187904,"speaker":{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},"words":"Rahul, this is basically of the demand. What about the once we have the demand, we are having a stock review where we get all the data there is no flowchart for that and which was that so that's yeah so so we are right now uh into"},{"start_time":1733985187904,"end_time":1733985241765,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"uh so the current plan is wave one and wave two planning so wave one is demand and inventory and wave two is supply planning so based upon the correct project plan timeline we are finalizing the demand of the relay uh the alternate timeline being worked upon uh for uh for dealing as a priority is being worked upon separately and based upon the alternate time. We've already preparing the supply documentation.\n\n It's in process. So hopefully, next week, we'll be able to share that with you. But then, considering that the current timeline is the wave 1, which focuses on demand and inventory, we've shared these documents, and we need approval on these documents. And as we complete the supply documents, we'll share those supply documents, including the end-to-end process flow that we've been discussing in our supply discussion.\n\n So that you have the complete visibility of the solution in supply documents."},{"start_time":1733985242206,"end_time":1733985242646,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Fine."},{"start_time":1733985243087,"end_time":1733985257190,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Rahul, as we highlighted in the beginning, so as a priority, so you have to just swap between supply in the beginning and for the drilling, whenever we go next, at least."},{"start_time":1733985257190,"end_time":1733985261157,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Sorry, can you say that again, Abdul, if I?"},{"start_time":1733985261157,"end_time":1733985276451,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"No, see, now as the demand prioritization, you have to consider first supply, then demand and inventory. So as Ashik highlighted, the main part, what we need while Go-Live, mainly the supply part we want to review."},{"start_time":1733985276451,"end_time":1733985290316,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yes. So we will share those documents as well while current today's agenda is to finalize the demand part. But yes, as discussed, we'll share those supply documents as well."},{"start_time":1733985290316,"end_time":1733985333921,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Okay. Now, whatever you in right now before Ashik comment, the order like the disclaimer, these are the points and this is the high level. This one is, did you covered in this document somewhere? Whatever the statement, what we discussed right now. So like this is the high level and so we need to review with our data because see first of all, all the demo we didn't see with the realistic data. This is the one thing, one challenge we have.\n\n But at least so you can mention somewhere and so just to cover so whatever you mentioned right now before this comment please accommodate somewhere in the document yes so what we do is based upon today's discussion we will send"},{"start_time":1733985333921,"end_time":1733985370033,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"an email saying that this document is reviewed and decide some of the assumptions that okay this is an high-level document and this finalizes the process and we don't want to change the process but during the build we will go out and start building the solution. And finally, we are waiting for data from you. Once we get the data, we'll build a solution. And once the solution is available, we'll provide a demo in line with the design, what we've discussed here, so that it gives you the visibility you're looking for.\n\n And then in that email, we'll clearly highlight what are the assumptions, what we've discussed."},{"start_time":1733985370033,"end_time":1733985371003,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Is that OK?"},{"start_time":1733985371003,"end_time":1733985387230,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Yeah, that's OK. Not only the data from the dealing demand data, the SAP data as well. Data also we didn't see so far because of the connection issue. The connection issue, so we couldn't see from SAP data. They like to supply whatever the POs and all. Yes, yes."},{"start_time":1733985387230,"end_time":1733985414957,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"So as you share this Bill of Materials and Excel sheets, Abdul, I think the sample 2-3 well data what we discussed, one of the actions for us would be to work with Vignesh to define the Bill of Materials, the structure of Bill of Materials, And to make sure that you are also able to see how the data bounds will be defined in SAP, and then the link between SAP and S4AML. For SAP and IDP."},{"start_time":1733985414957,"end_time":1733985415344,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Correct."},{"start_time":1733985415344,"end_time":1733985428124,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Yeah, mainly, the demand side is OK. But we are more specific on the supply side, where we want to see how the stock is coming here, and the outstanding PO and PR."},{"start_time":1733985428124,"end_time":1733985463899,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yes, yes. Yeah, that is also being worked upon. So Abdul, if you are aware of, we are working on enabling the interface between S4 HANA and IBP. Team is working on pushing that. Right now, we are waiting for the firewall process to be completed. We are hoping that by the time this document is approved, we are starting working on bigger data from you. This process is resolved, and we will be able to have that interface available for testing with you when we are having the testing with the solution being built.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733985463899,"end_time":1733985469806,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Yeah, just put this comment also in the review, as a review note, okay?"},{"start_time":1733985469806,"end_time":1733985470228,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah."},{"start_time":1733985470228,"end_time":1733985507773,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Okay, so then based upon this conversion, do we have any open point for demand for drilling? Do we, so that we can answer any of those questions? And if there are no further open points, then can we agree to proceed with this document has approved from your side. I will send this email with the assumptions of what we've discussed, but then do we have this high level agreement on the document?"},{"start_time":1733985508413,"end_time":1733985510332,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"This is fine."},{"start_time":1733985510332,"end_time":1733985512891,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah, it's fine, yeah."},{"start_time":1733985512891,"end_time":1733985521581,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah, yeah, we can sign off this. Now on the process for StarGas? Well, yeah."},{"start_time":1733985521581,"end_time":1733985549806,"speaker":{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},"words":"Just, I mean, the demand now, the review, if you can put on that one, the template will be provided because WBS, if you don't have that one, you can mention it somewhere in that demand plan forecasting, the activity list. On the activity list, you can mention the that the Possibility for the actual template to be maintained."},{"start_time":1733985549806,"end_time":1733985600938,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Because yeah, yeah, so we've we've mentioned that the template can be uploaded. So if you go to the section where the DWS interface is there, so we've clearly identified that it would be Excel upload or interface. So can you go to the left? Yeah. Yeah. And we say integration between DWS for WellPlan and SAP IPP based upon Excel upload. So we have clearly highlighted that Excel upload. Now the details of the template is what we will work on based upon this high-level agreement.\n\n And the different fields of the templates, which we do not have as of now. But then as we proceed in this discussion, we will have those fields available and shared with you."},{"start_time":1733985600947,"end_time":1733985621389,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Yeah, whatever you want, so you just put this as a remark in the email as a like, Yeah, OK. What do you want here? Yeah, that's what whatever you said now, right? The the the template."},{"start_time":1733985622494,"end_time":1733985639285,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"OK. So what we can do in the open items you identify that this template definition is an open item. Is that okay if I put in an open item so that we have section for open items?"},{"start_time":1733985639285,"end_time":1733985646242,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"Okay, otherwise just I level. So you just put it. You can mention the details of the template."},{"start_time":1733985646242,"end_time":1733985649721,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"It can be added as a comment here, Rahul."},{"start_time":1733985649721,"end_time":1733985655518,"speaker":{"name":"Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},"words":"If it's specific to a specific paragraph, maybe it's easier just to add it here."},{"start_time":1733985655518,"end_time":1733985713578,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"If it's across the document, we'll add it an open point just to make it easy also on the on the team yeah so that's what we'll do so upload template uh template will be defined during the build phase okay is that okay so that we are clear that template will be defined okay that's better okay okay then uh I think been one of the best design discussion sessions we've had in a while. So I appreciate the feedback from the team.\n\n I will take this discussion as that we have agreed on this document process and immediately start working on. I will send an email with our assumptions so that we can get a final approval on email from Khalifa, you, and the team members so that we can proceed with the This process for delay."},{"start_time":1733985713578,"end_time":1733985718845,"speaker":{"name":"Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV)"},"words":"But the feedback from Bignish will be taken care of before you send it."},{"start_time":1733985718845,"end_time":1733985754752,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yes, yes, yes, sorry I missed that. So in the in the section in the in the last section, the whatever feedback you received from weakness offline. So offline comments from weakness is defined and whatever changes we had requested we have updated. Don't say weakness and I'll just put from digital. I'll put from digital. You can also have. You can also review the reply. You want us to go through the replies right away.\n\n So you have updated this in the shared folder, right? Yeah, we have updated this."},{"start_time":1733985754752,"end_time":1733985756264,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I will. I will."},{"start_time":1733985756264,"end_time":1733985763448,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"I will review it and I'll get back to you OK. Thanks Ignition. Any other point from anyone?"},{"start_time":1733985768058,"end_time":1733985786251,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"If not, then thank you very much for your time today. We will send back this email with the details. And then we are currently working on the plan based upon the input of how we can make the drilling go a lot faster. So we'll continue with that conversation separately."},{"start_time":1733985786251,"end_time":1733985786608,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"OK."},{"start_time":1733985786608,"end_time":1733985791602,"speaker":{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"},"words":"So if we can expedite to the supply planning, then it would be great."},{"start_time":1733985791602,"end_time":1733985791959,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yes."},{"start_time":1733985791959,"end_time":1733985802077,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Yeah. So now that we have a confirmation of demand, expected supply planning instead of that document."},{"start_time":1733985802077,"end_time":1733985805815,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you, thank you."},{"start_time":1733985805815,"end_time":1733985809554,"speaker":{"name":"Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},"words":"Thanks everyone, appreciate it."},{"start_time":1733985809554,"end_time":1733985815161,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Thank you. Thank you. Thank you."},{"start_time":1733985817869,"end_time":1733985818175,"speaker":{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},"words":"Thank you."},{"start_time":1733985818183,"end_time":1733985818379,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"you you"}],"speakers":[{"name":"Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},{"name":"Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement)"},{"name":"MM- SKEC2 - L08"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},{"name":"Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV)"},{"name":"Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS)"},{"name":"Khalifa Al Yafei (ADNOC - GP)"},{"name":"Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD)"},{"name":"Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC)"}]}