Rocio Minguillon:
Basti, quick question. Did you use any presentation for today's session?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Just a couple of slides.

Rocio Minguillon:
Where can I find them so I can?

Bastian Osorio:
They are in this integration script, sorry folder.

Rocio Minguillon:
Integration folder.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
realize configuration.

Rocio Minguillon:
Here, this is. Is there?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I think it's unit testing.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, unit testing. This one. Nice, thank you. I have to upload it in the KPMG.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, so are we all here? Okay, we don't have many things for today.

Rocio Minguillon:
I don't know, Basti, if you want to share a little bit about how the sessions went today and if there is any task due to the sessions?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, but Saul is not here.

Bastian Osorio:
I have a session later with Saul and I will ask him a couple of... Ah, but Fiamma is here. Fiamma, there's a few things related to the FMSN. Yeah, I don't know. They weren't calculated correctly, so we need to fix that. Yeah. Yeah. And the sessions went well. There's a few things to correct, but I think we'll review that during the configuration session we have later. My concern is related to the integration.

 So I don't know, Sagar, if there's any news it to the data store?

Sagar Vora:
No, I think, means whatever I can do, I already told Khalid and Kaiser. So from IBP data store Khalid had raised the ticket, but I think currently it is stuck in some risk and something like that in that department. So once it is approved, then they will whitelist the IBP URL, then IBP data store will up and running. For the second SNC, I think it is again with the Kaiser. I gave them reminder, but I'm not sure why they are not talking on that.

 Yes.

Rocio Minguillon:
I know that in today's session, I don't know if you are invited to the status session that they have with But Tara told me that they raised this, I mean, SAP IVP S4HANA data center access issue impacting data transfer from SAP IBP system, one day of impact each day starting 20th of January. But yeah. Still no news on that. But yes, the integrations are a big problem right now. It's taking way more time than I thought it was going to take.



Sagar Vora:
Yeah, it means it's not that lengthy process, but somehow AdNoc has many approvals, so I'm not sure.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah, taking too much time. Yep.

Rocio Minguillon:
Well, well then, another question was Vati today. They were asking if we will need more sessions, like Khalid asked. Ask KPMG that if we need more sessions for unit testing, we should ask from now, no matter if we don't have the schedule or the specific topics, but just to book this space. So I don't know how are you thinking on this. I mean, these two weeks that we have will be enough, or then you would like to have more sessions on the On the other week No, no for now.



Bastian Osorio:
We only have I believe there's Because we have to two weeks and then I think we have two or three weeks remaining No, there's nothing we can do in though during just two weeks to have even more sessions for a thing with two weeks this in the next one is It's enough Okay Yeah, I agree.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, so I will tell them that. Well, I don't know if there is anything else. Today I'm going to meet with Fiamma, Saul, Pablo and Pelayo. And also then I will meet also Vivek to align on the things that we discussed yesterday, Basti. So I don't think that there is any other thing to see right now. I don't know. The fsd I don't know if you send it to I'm I'm just about to do this I'm I'm just about I was like uploading it in the folder and now I will send it but do you have the chance

Sagar Vora:
to to take a look at the fsd prepared by reynaldo yeah I was checking um but I don't have currently any feedback I can go through again and I can let you know.

Bastian Osorio:
No it's fine because before delivered to ADNOC Kunal can take a look at it and maybe Kushu as well I don't know but but because I need to prepare some things for tomorrow and they are pushing to get this as soon as possible I said to Kunal okay you take a look first and because yeah I mean probably they have more time than me to review the document. But it looks, at least in form, it looks well.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, he told me that he included all the things that you put it on the Excel. The only thing, I was not seeing anything about segmentation, but I assume that we will cover that later.

Bastian Osorio:
No, segmentation I think is, oh yeah, FMSN, yeah. Yeah, but let's Kunal review this and he can provide more more insights about what else needed.

Rocio Minguillon:
OK, sure. OK, so any other point team? I mean, we're with a lot of things so.

Bastian Osorio:
No, I think you also include Vivek, Saul and Arun in the huddle, right? No, that's a good thing.

Rocio Minguillon:
I mean, they are forward, but it's a good thing to talk about this. So, I don't know, Saul is here, Arun, you too? Yeah, Saul is here, I was here. Okay, maybe we can discuss about this. Saul, Arun and also Vivek, we were thinking that at this point of the project would be very good if we if you can join actually the huddle, because during that daily meeting, they are raising like important things, they are aligning on some process issues.

 And so maybe you are the leaders of the different processes. And now it's getting more useful. I mean, at the beginning, it was just management things. But now they are like, there are some discussions that probably make it to you to be aware of the situation and so you don't miss communications with Vasti, Hector or me. So I don't know if you have the sessions, but I will forward you. What do you think?

 Are you okay with Yeah, I'm okay.

Saul Portillo:
I'm going to have the meetings. Yeah, yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
Anybody doesn't have the meeting?

Hector Palacios:
I don't do you have the meeting at the home?

Arun Singh:
Yeah, I'm okay to join the session, but right now I think we don't have any, you know, any points regarding the drilling. So I'm not sure. Meeting will help us?

Hector Palacios:
Usually yes, because we are discussing what are going to be the next step for that.

Arun Singh:
Yeah, but are they discussing the drilling points or like the ongoing session?

Hector Palacios:
Yeah, we discuss. Okay, let's see. At least we are going to save some internal alignment, that is also time that we need and it's valuable right now.

Bastian Osorio:
There is a point that we need to raise because I believe Vivek is not here, right? No, he's not here. Rahul told that he provided a supply chain network in the KBMG folder, but actually what he sent is the file with that image that you have the main store connected to the of the storage location, which is not like a network.

Hector Palacios:
So it's like the design that for some cases you have a storage location and for some cases you have the plant.

Bastian Osorio:
I don't know if he misunderstood what we were requesting or I don't know if he believes that actually can work but okay that is a point we need to raise.

Hector Palacios:
I think that we need to create list of questions. So Vivek should do this, let's take this information network, create a list of questions and that Rahul can dedicate, Kipi and G-team can dedicate to answer those questions. For example, for the how we are going to grade the lanes because now we know the design, okay, it's going to be a storage location or it's going to be planted, but now how we decide which lanes are valid, that's a big question.

 We can say, let's follow the same logic of the BRs. If we have LTP agreement, let's follow that. If we don't have, let's follow the last 12 months. But if you have two options, should I decide for the last one or should I have two? In that case, should I have a sourcing quota and so on? So I think that there are many questions that we can do. And so we can be more specific to Rahul because he will not No, he's not an expert.



Bastian Osorio:
No, of course I am.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Hector Palacios:
Your point that I would like to raise is what we are saying. Let's include these guys in the sessions. For example, the configuration sessions, the decision sessions that we have, integration sessions, whatever. So let's try to bring Kunal, Koushpour, Rahul. So they are in the loop. They can answer right away, help us with the priorities. And so on, I think that we need to work more with them. If we want them to help, we need to include them in these technical sessions.



Bastian Osorio:
These internal technical sessions you mean, Hector? Yeah, otherwise we will always have the PMs. I include them in the integration session, which is going to be on Friday. And I'm open to include them in one configuration session per week, but I don't want to include them in every single session. I think this will generate more work for ourselves, more noise, more reporting than agility, I don't know, than being more agile.

 So I think two sessions with them, I mean, we already have the daily huddle and we're including all as Sagar, Saul, Arun, and on the top of that, session also with them, I think it's enough.

Hector Palacios:
Let's have the interaction for now and the points that we take internally we can discuss with them on the alignment sessions.

Rocio Minguillon:
Also maybe now in the configuration sessions we try to identify which points do you need their help so we can see how to reach it because if you have them, yes, For me, at the beginning, they are going to push you into their dynamics instead of our dynamics. So. Let's continue that way.

Hector Palacios:
We take the points from the configuration, the questions, or the points that we want them to push or to help us to get the answers, and then on the OpenTopic session, we can discuss with them. But for the integration, I think that there is a huge We need to use it.

Rocio Minguillon:
Also, please maintain me on the loops, because what I see also is that on the topics that are not reported to Hadi or Mo, they don't really care that much. I mean, this thing about the naval now, Cushboo was not progressing on that, so I asked Tara to put it on that list. So, unfortunately, they are used to work like that, like always reporting to the PMO. So, maybe I can help on raising the urgency of the different tasks.

 But yes. Okay. Okay. So, I will talk with Vivek today. I have a meeting with him. I will, like, yesterday we talked about, with you as director, we talked about the data requirements that he had to have clear. So now I will, like, specify this about the supply chain network image that he will, he should ask for more specific questions about it and the correct information that we need But I will ask him to take this point.



UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Is there anything else, Tim? So did you receive the session, Saul?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Saul Portillo:
Yeah, that's it. For the FMSN segmentation. Yesterday, we tried to solve the solution, I don't know, for five, seven hours, and ending at 12 p.m. To do it on new configures. I work around with a configure with a start and copy operator. First, we see the result, and we don't see the issue when we see today the meeting with the score. It's not urgent.

Hector Palacios:
So indeed, the bastion ratio, we don't need to have it for tomorrow working. Let's put it on as part of the open points, maybe on Thursday or Friday we can take a look together, but we shouldn't be using any copyright or anything like that. This can be done entirely using the logic, so.

Saul Portillo:
Okay, and we don't know why the first solution, when we see it with us, is good, but I don't know, it's wrong, it's broken, I don't know why.

Hector Palacios:
Yeah, it doesn't matter. I think that the focus is preparing the data and the scenarios for next week. That's the most important. So let's check that we have the data loaded and that we have all the hierarchies we need and so on. Because I don't know, did you discuss about the data stores?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Is it still an issue?

Saul Portillo:
The data store with the chemicals?

Hector Palacios:
No, for integration. Is integration running? Yes. No, no, no.

Rocio Minguillon:
It's not running yet.

Bastian Osorio:
waiting for the reply.

Hector Palacios:
Okay well that's a different topic so that for next week probably we cannot count on the integration again so if we need to have additional hierarchies at the one loaded we need to ask for Kunal to get that information for us. But first we need to decide the scope of what we are going to do and prepare exactly what we did for MRO at four chemicals but with some differences.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
That's for me the main priority. Okay.

Hector Palacios:
Let's discuss shortly on the session we have.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay, Tim.

Hector Palacios:
I think, is there any Rocio, can you save five minutes? I want to show you a list of tasks that we have prepared internally, so maybe you can help us there.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Sure. Okay, thanks. Bye-bye. Thanks, team. Bye, team. Bye-bye. Thank you. Foreign foreign

