Rocio Minguillon:
Oh, also because personally you want to live here.

Hector Palacios:
Both, I think, both.

Rocio Minguillon:
Nice, nice, well. Hey, Rocio, I need to join another call, OK?

Vivekanand Gajula:
Yes. So we'll catch up later on. OK, yes, sure.

Rocio Minguillon:
Let me know if you need something from our side. Thank you, Vivek.

Sagar Vora:
No, nothing.

Rocio Minguillon:
Thank you so much, yeah. Bye. Bye. Nice. Hello, Sagar.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hi, Rocio.

Sagar Vora:
Hello, Sagar. How are you?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'm fine.

Rocio Minguillon:
How have been your last days in your other job? Have been tough?

Sagar Vora:
Yeah, it's tough to handle both.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, to close everything.

Sagar Vora:
Well, finally, next week you will be like more more relaxed hopefully yeah but at the same time now like all the systems are up and running so now we have to like complete all the interfaces and everything yes yes

Rocio Minguillon:
of course I mean we will have a lot of things to do but well you will have more free time I hope Okay. Hi, Fiamma. Hello, Fiamma. How are you? I'm fine, and you?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I'm fine.

Rocio Minguillon:
How is Cordoba? Is it too hot? It is. Not that much, but it is hot. I can't complain because I like it, so... Here it's too cold for you. Really? Yes, it's too cold. I mean, there is like a... There is wind. Wind is okay? Wind? Viento? Wind? Yeah, okay. Wind or wine? I don't know how do you pronounce it. I think it's wind. Wind, no? Okay, without wine. Yeah, it's windy these days and that's why. Well, team, okay, Ray is not going to be able to join and I don't know Hector and Bastian.

 Bastian seems like he's presenting his screen. Hector is green in green, so he may join.

Rocio Minguillon:
Hi, Hector.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Hello, Tim.

Rocio Minguillon:
Hey, Hector, how are you? We are missing people here.

Hector Palacios:
Yes, Ray is not able to join.

Rocio Minguillon:
Then Vivek joined and told me that he has another meeting on Parallel. So if we need him, we can call him. No, he told me that we are on with this. Oh, OK. Basti, I don't know. And Saul I don't know but but well we can start commenting on on the on the topics the first one is probably Bastis with Pelayo because the two of them are missing ah yeah and they had a meeting before

Hector Palacios:
this one yeah they were postponing and postponing so I think that Bastis didn't want to fail to to Pelayo tomorrow we are going to the office Hector and Pablo is also going. Yeah, I know. He already bought the ticket.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, yeah. So he's almost here.

Sagar Vora:
Great.

Hector Palacios:
So you will meet Pelayo and you will meet also Rocio. I think that you haven't had the opportunity. I'm Basquiat. You only know me and Saul. No, Rocio too.

Rocio Minguillon:
I know him too. On the Gold Day.

Hector Palacios:
You're right. You're right. So you know but Basti you don't know and Pelayo is new as well.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, it's like the same with me.

Hector Palacios:
I don't know Basti, neither Pelayo.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, Basti was in Spain.

Rocio Minguillon:
No, I don't know him, like in person.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Pelayo? No, neither.

Rocio Minguillon:
No, no. Ah, you don't know Basti in person? No, no, no, no. That's right.

Hector Palacios:
Yeah, well, tomorrow.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, I don't know how tall is him or that's the first thing that impressed me about people when I met them. You're very tall.

Hector Palacios:
Yeah, I'm very tall. You are very tall.

Rocio Minguillon:
You are taller than I was expecting when I met you both. Well, so the first good news is that we can close these Finally, thank you, Sagar, for the details that you provide us today of the progress on this. We are ready to start extracting data. Am I right?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes, Pique.

Rocio Minguillon:
This is excellent news for us.

Hector Palacios:
I'm really happy because of this. Today, we have a meeting, Sagar. Just a heads up because one of The very things that we need to do is to understand the data that we have for MRO specifically, because we are proposing a way of working. But we are seeing that probably we will need to change it based on the perception that we have of the data, based on what they have shared manually so far. So we want to check the whole data the scope, and based on that we will take an important decision.

 So that's why we have a working session today in like two hours, I think, three hours. Would you ask Timmy and Saul probably to check that? So we want to do like a first iteration of the historical consumption as it is at the plant level, doesn't matter. So we want to load it at that level together and see what we are getting.

Sagar Vora:
OK, it will be 2 to 3 o'clock, OK. I saw the invite, but it was for 30 minutes, so.

Hector Palacios:
It's one hour indeed.

Sagar Vora:
Yeah, correct, for 9 to 10, I think, 9 p.m. IST.

Hector Palacios:
OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Rocio Minguillon:
But are you able, Sagar, to join? Because I know Sagar, Hector, is like ending his ex-job. Tomorrow he has the final day and everything. I don't know if you are able to join this meeting or if Reinaldo is enough.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
I mean...

Hector Palacios:
We can take great if that's a point.

Sagar Vora:
No, no, that's fine. I can join. Like how early we can finish.

Hector Palacios:
Yeah, we wanted to do it like today, because tomorrow we know that you need to do some stuff, so it's something really important that everyone is pushing to have soon.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yes, okay, okay, yes, there are excellent news. I was very worried, I think that I dreamed with that last night, like again, like rebasing the plan, but No, we're okay. Yeah, I mean, that happens, but I really want to start with the configuration. Yeah. I think that you'll be like me. Well, then I don't know if today I couldn't join the integration meeting. I don't know if you were able to review the plan of activities with the dates, if I can access to that, so then I can add that activities to my progress tracking and to have that in mind.

 I don't know if you review that on the morning session.

Sagar Vora:
Yeah, so access is available, but only like we haven't put any dates because we just want to first finalize like how many interfaces, CIDS interfaces we have Okay, so I think today we have a working session, so during that time, if we can spend some time, because I need some inputs from the IBP team.

Rocio Minguillon:
Okay, okay, sure, sure, sure. Or maybe, okay, maybe today you will not have that time. Maybe on the next integration session, you could focus on that. I will put next Wednesday. Okay. Well, then, well, the scripts, I think that, I don't know if you have something to raise, Fee, or I don't know if I have someone else here. Okay. No, we're still working on that. We need to review it. Yeah. Okay, sure.

 Thank you, Fee. Well, and then, Basti, I think that you're now here. Hello. I don't know if you have the possibility to review something on this, and do you want to delegate something, or you're still working on it? Basti? Can you hear me? Sorry, I was speaking on mute.

Bastian Osorio:
I was saying that, yeah, Tara also, no, no, Cush also asked me, and I said, of course, the deadline is for tomorrow, I think, right?

Rocio Minguillon:
No, I mean, for the recept, we didn't have a deadline. And for the other one, it was next week. I mean, next Friday.

Bastian Osorio:
Yeah, but yeah, still, I will, the chance to review it tomorrow, to take a quick review of the required points, and then probably I will ask somebody to help me with that.

Rocio Minguillon:
Nice. Okay. Okay. I was going to ask something else. Well, do you think that I can close this activity or transform it into because I know that Ray already finished like this. So maybe-. Yeah, you can close it. Nice. Okay. Okay.

Hector Palacios:
Well, that's a good point that we have the sense related to the add-on. We need to understand that because if we are going to add additional attributes on the add-on, then we need to go all the stages.

Rocio Minguillon:
It's going to be complicated, so let's not forget about that one. Now maybe, Sagar, in one of the next technical meetings, we can ask about this if you already didn't. Okay. I remembered what I was going to ask. Is there any chance for the ABAP consultants to work without specific accounts? I mean, I don't know which is the authenticator method for the users of Zadar or Ray that have that access to the development environment.

 But it's a personal account. I mean, do you have to answer an email do you have to approve it in your cell phone or something else? I mean, because I don't want to... I'm hesitating about having all these approval process, like sending the CVs and then having feedback from Hali that is not paused. I mean, maybe we can just use the users that we have, but I don't know if that's a possibility. They will need a single sign-on.



Bastian Osorio:
I think we have tried that before and it's possible, but the thing is that someone, somebody needs to be constantly giving them access with the phone. If no one has problem with that, Reinaldo or Sagar, for me it's easier, it's faster.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, I mean, and also I want to know if we have to wait Until the access is provided, we can start aligning with the consultants and maybe they can start doing something with the access of them. I want to know if this is a blocker or not. From what I understand, it's not a blocker, but we need the access. Because then it's not easy to work without.

Bastian Osorio:
I think it depends on Sagar and Reynaldo if they will want to provide their accounts or if they feel it's going to be too much work to be constantly giving access.

Sagar Vora:
I still don't have access for SAP because earlier Khalid asked me to use Ray's ID because it was time consuming to create new ID. And still he hasn't created my ID, so I'm still using the Ray's account.

Bastian Osorio:
Then that's the confirmation. They can use Reynaldo's access. Yeah, we can use.

Sagar Vora:
But only if now Khalid can create my ID, then that would be helpful. No, ABAP can use my ID too. No, it's with them.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
So I will tell Khaled that please create your user ID, and then we will see if they create or not the ones of the ABAP consultants, but we can start. I mean, we can have a meeting on Monday, I think, and there we can organize. Like the activities that we want them to do. Is that OK, Basti? Do you think that's the way? I mean, we can meet you, Sara, Reinaldo, and I, and Hector, and define which activities do we want to do with the above consultants, and when should we join them, because they are already available.



Bastian Osorio:
Tyler, can you work on a proposal for that day with Reinaldo maybe? Or we ask Reinaldo. Reinaldo should be here.

Rocio Minguillon:
Yeah, but he said he had another meeting.

Sagar Vora:
It might be if it's possible for Tuesday because Reinaldo comes in my evening when I will connect.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yeah.

Bastian Osorio:
I think we should create an activity saying what is what we need from the above consultants. I can think right away from the PR creation, PR definition, all that part.

Rocio Minguillon:
It requires above code.

Sagar Vora:
I think basic, things I have like modifying some extractors, but we don't have the source tables like the logic for that currently. So I'm not sure what we will provide with Avapar. Yesterday, Rinaldo was saying like he will create, he will provide a FS, functional specification to the Avapar, but not sure like how much time it will require for him to create.

Hector Palacios:
So the main ones, the main thing that they are going to work based on what I was is that it's additional attributes, if we need them, and all the things related to the VR creation. All of that that we need to do. So I think that the point is that we have no still clear requirements of which additional attributes we need to add, sadly. Because we know how Ad-Nog is taking this very slow. And all the things related related to the extractor is something that is taking Ray directly.

 I don't know if he will need Alejandra for something else related to the extractors. But that is what I understand.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Nice.

Rocio Minguillon:
Let's ask Reinaldo to detail that. Maybe it's enough, but I will ask him to to help us with this. So on Monday, we can have a definition and start using, or if not, we can say, no, we don't need two consultants at the 50%, because I know that this is a problem for Go also, if they want that consultants for other project or whatever, so let's use them. Their resources.

Hector Palacios:
Well, you are still not able to reduce the percentage to something that is more realistic.

Rocio Minguillon:
Maybe we can start giving them to some attributes just to start and they can they get like 20% of the time. Exactly. Yes, yes, yes.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Well, okay.

Rocio Minguillon:
I don't know if as any other point?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
No, not here.

Hector Palacios:
Yes, one with Saul, but Saul, I think, is here. Saul?

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Yes. Hi, Hector.

Hector Palacios:
Yes, I just saw it. Yeah, no problem. We have been having some sessions with Vivek to understand the supply part. And from there, we have some data requirements. I think that he spoke with you yesterday to add to the list. Because as you are going to ask Vignesh, it's better to consolidate all the asking just one email, right? Yeah. So that's the emails. If you have any questions, let me know. We can try to.

 Five minutes and to finalize that. We also need to ask for the LTP agreements, if it is possible. Because they have mentioned that information a lot, but we have no idea what is that. It's not something that we usually are integrating. So if they can provide us which vendors for which materials we have these agreements, that would be great. Sounds like an attribute of the mass data. In the location block, like Swamp's data.



Saul Portillo:
Okay, Fiamma and I tried to review the email with all the data, and I don't know, Hector, if you have time after the meeting, five minutes, and review if you need anything else, because, for example, Vivek asked me about reorder points. Aggregate to enable the reorder point data, for example. And I don't know if you need more data about supply.

Hector Palacios:
No, it's whatever Vivek asked you yesterday, reorder point and LGPA today. That's it. Okay. The two of them should be on the location product master data that we are asking. But with the vendor code in this case, vendor material, LTPA indicator, I don't know. Do you just call me whenever you have it? You just call me and I try to make a space.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Good, that's it. Thank you, Dean. Thank you. Bye. Bye bye. Thanks.

Bastian Osorio:
So.

UNKNOWN_SPEAKER:
Silence.

