{"speaker_blocks":[{"start_time":1733923909750,"end_time":1733923911845,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I'm fine."},{"start_time":1733923911845,"end_time":1733923913940,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Hello Dean."},{"start_time":1733923913940,"end_time":1733923945233,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I'm sorry, I'm just sending a message to Tara that I had to. You will find a patch on it soon. OK. How are you doing? Fine, thank you. And you? Doing well."},{"start_time":1733923945834,"end_time":1733923946434,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Team."},{"start_time":1733923946434,"end_time":1733923975085,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I don't know if you want to raise something about the points that are open these days. I don't have an update because yesterday I didn't participate in some of the meetings. I don't know, how are you doing with the comments, Hector, on the documentation of demand and inventory?"},{"start_time":1733923975085,"end_time":1733924005391,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"I think that comment-wise, like responding, we answer everything that we could. So aside of that, I guess that is the responsibility of BME. The meetings are not going very well, to be honest. We are trying to reboot to understand we can do it because there is people joining that didn't participate on the first session and they need to sign off so it doesn't make sense."},{"start_time":1733924005391,"end_time":1733924010527,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"These meetings are still for the approval of the wave one document now?"},{"start_time":1733924010527,"end_time":1733924047069,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Yeah, yeah that's right. So I think the strategy for us should be like I'm taking care of the comments with Basti and then so we can free up the teams they can start the configuration. I think that's the first approach. And what we have been receiving data, Saur is working on that. We haven't received anything related to drilling, so Arun cannot work on that yet. Also, Arun probably is out because he has some personal issues, so I don't think that is going to connect.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733924047069,"end_time":1733924048330,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"But yeah. Okay."},{"start_time":1733924048330,"end_time":1733924079073,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"And regarding the configuration of Wave 1, I don't know, Saul, if we need another internal meeting, because, I mean, you divided, you already divided the different progress that we can make, and I think that you already made, like, the basic progress about the standard configuration, but I don't know if you know how to continue with that configuration, if you are able to."},{"start_time":1733924079353,"end_time":1733924095142,"speaker":{"name":"Saul Portillo"},"words":"So I think, yeah, we continue yesterday. We have a meeting with Hector and Basti to figure out another key figure, but in this moment, the principle... Priority is the data. Priority, yeah."},{"start_time":1733924095142,"end_time":1733924095621,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1733924095621,"end_time":1733924098013,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"But for configuration, it's okay."},{"start_time":1733924098013,"end_time":1733924121023,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"But I mean, the configuration, you will be doing as soon as you need it for the same demo. It's going to be part of that, I guess. Because right now, for example, we have information from chemicals and from MRO, so we will need to create the key figures for chemicals and so on."},{"start_time":1733924121023,"end_time":1733924166712,"speaker":{"name":"Saul Portillo"},"words":"So yeah, I think that is all part of the same task. Yes, Hector, this key figure was created, is ready. Ready the key figure for chemical and for different demand. And in this moment, We try to upload the data, and I think what you say in the morning, build the graphic to understand the patterns, and run the forecast information, and prove the theoretical forecast for chemical. But I don't know what type of consumption data upload because they have different movement type.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733924166712,"end_time":1733924182554,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Okay, if you have a call with Piama and with Palo, please join me, so I just want to check the dashboards and just brainstorming, basically. Okay, perfect. Thank you."},{"start_time":1733924182554,"end_time":1733924269689,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Okay, and here I have an adapt on how are we going to approach Because, well, as you know, we have like the three theoretical sprints that we have to give visibility. I mean, KPMG with AdNoc, they are maintaining like a Gantt where they are putting like the percentages of progress each week. And so now we have to show that we are delayed. We are delayed on the configuration because of the closure of the design, and also because of the data that they didn't provide yet the integration.\n\n I think that that is very, very, very clear. But sooner or later, I mean, we have to maintain that percentages in a more accurate way. I mean, now, for example, they are Spring 1 as 50%, and the Spring 1 should have ended last week, the 6th of December. So right now, we are like three weeks approximately delayed because of those two things. And also, from the Wave 2, we... In the integration track, right?\n\n"},{"start_time":1733924269689,"end_time":1733924272373,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Or in the configuration track?"},{"start_time":1733924272373,"end_time":1733924301083,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"No, we are already... Yeah, we're already delayed on the configuration track also. Yeah, that's for sure. That's for sure. Yes. So, and the three weeks, what I mean with the three weeks is about configuration. I mean, for integration is like even more because the integration was expected to close on the 8th of November. So, there is like a month and a week."},{"start_time":1733924302068,"end_time":1733924306626,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"And I think Reynaldo sent the SED, right?"},{"start_time":1733924306626,"end_time":1733924329990,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yes, the SED, yes. I think that it's ready, but the SED is finished, but we still don't, I think that the firewall is still not fully configured. I don't know, Sagar, can you give us more detail on the status?"},{"start_time":1733924329998,"end_time":1733924348773,"speaker":{"name":"Sagar Vora"},"words":"Once the STD is approved, then the firewall access will be done. I couldn't hear the first part that you said. Once the STD is approved, only after that the firewall, yeah."},{"start_time":1733924348773,"end_time":1733924357445,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"But is Reynaldo at full capacity with the other project? Seen him in a while."},{"start_time":1733924357445,"end_time":1733924519709,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, we should ask Seba if he's supposed to join these meetings, for example, because, yeah, I just know that he's on the Go Live of Clara this week, but I don't know the percentage of assigned to this project. We should review it with Seba if we need more participation of him. But, I don't know, maybe with Sagar, we're okay. No, but Sagar is just starting, he's ramping up. So, of course, we need Reinaldo's support as much as possible, at least in this couple of months since Sagar, of course, up with all the features.\n\n OK. OK. Maybe you should raise that to Seba, so he can. OK. So what I was trying to figure out is how to measure this progress on the configuration. What do you think? Should I consider? Each of these as one and then divide it or? It's tricky. What they are expecting, because for me, we are not complete until we have sessions with the users and so on. Many of the things that we are going to have here are going to come from the same discussions we are having there.\n\n Well, yeah, that's true. I mean, for our point of view and from the point of view of the methodology, each sprint can be considered closed when you have configured all the stuff of the sprint and you have done unit testing. I mean, if we involve the users in the unit testing, yes or no, and the strategy that we are going to take on that maybe on January, that depends on us. But I mean, the sprints and the Closure of the springs is like we are sure that the configuration is well done and its answers to the requirements are in the VRD.\n\n But then, of course, we have the other testings and that. But I think that we are not able to close, for example, the spring one as soon as if we don't have the design closure."},{"start_time":1733924519709,"end_time":1733924532102,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"I mean, that's- No, for sure. Show a delay on the project because of that. It's going to add pressure and we have an alibi, let's say, on this."},{"start_time":1733924532102,"end_time":1733924538384,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"So it's okay. Okay, so I was still putting like 50% for example for this."},{"start_time":1733924538384,"end_time":1733924538802,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No?"},{"start_time":1733924538802,"end_time":1733924551093,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Yeah, I mean, because it's really easy to compare. That is not the big point. The point is starting showing this to the users and and they make sense of this?"},{"start_time":1733924551093,"end_time":1733924582277,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Well, for Spring 1, I don't think that we're going to be able to show that to the users and that makes sense. I mean, for Spring 1, I think that this has to make sense for us to close it. But I don't know if we are able even to, I don't know, for example, master data to be used. I'm not sure if we are able right now to create all the master data that we need or not. That is the purpose of of this task?\n\n Or... No, for sure, that one is still a..."},{"start_time":1733924582277,"end_time":1733924590822,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"We need to correct this because it's massive data to be used. I don't know. No, it's fine, it's fine."},{"start_time":1733924590822,"end_time":1733924610301,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Standard attributes, for example, additional attributes. Okay, that one is in progress. But I understand that if we don't get the design close, we're not going to have this completed because we don't know I don't know if there is any additional attributes."},{"start_time":1733924610301,"end_time":1733924611949,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Yeah, absolutely. Okay."},{"start_time":1733924611949,"end_time":1733924612499,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1733924612499,"end_time":1733924666730,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Okay, so I will follow this to announce that progression. Just do a simple calculation based on all the points that we have on Spring 1 and the percentage of completed and this is that. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. To configuration is regarding the Wave 2. Yesterday, Vivek joined our meeting. I don't know if today he's here or if he couldn't. OK. But according to the plan, I will show you. According to the plan, this week we should start planning the configuration.\n\n In the project plan this week, we We should be here. Develop. OK. Configuration."},{"start_time":1733924666730,"end_time":1733924667423,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Here."},{"start_time":1733924667423,"end_time":1733924716923,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"I mean, here. The sprint one is starting. Ah, no. It's ending. This is the end date. Yeah. The sprint one should be starting like two days ago. So there we have. Delay on the... But for the Wave 2, right? Yes, this is for the Wave 2. But I don't know what you think, Hector Palacios, if you want to start working with Vivec on the configuration plan. I mean, as we did with demand, doing something similar, but for supply.\n\n I don't know if we can do that right now or if we are delayed."},{"start_time":1733924716931,"end_time":1733924735138,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Yeah, I will take this and I will in fact add more content to this file for the Wave 2. I have to do that this week."},{"start_time":1733924735138,"end_time":1733924745252,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Okay, so I will update it in the tasks. Okay, and we'll be back already."},{"start_time":1733924745618,"end_time":1733924787451,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"are in like in like in the practice the the showstopper like the bottleneck is the design in theory we shouldn't stop we shouldn't start sorry the configuration without having the approval for the design right we understand that and we know maybe something we can say internally that there's no need for having all the the design finish to start with the configuration. That's for sure. And that's why we will start with the configuration for Wave 2.\n\n But having said that, the bottleneck is the approval of the design. Yes, definitely, definitely."},{"start_time":1733924787451,"end_time":1733924831620,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"So our agree here is that we are not going to close the Spring 1, neither for the Wave 1 or 2. We are not going to close them if the design is not closed, because it But maybe starting, yeah. Okay, so, and here, Vashti, the configuration plan, should I put it this, like, for draft, or maybe... The configuration plan now has to be ready for this week. Yeah, for this week, yeah. Yeah, I also thought that.\n\n Okay, and Vivek already told me yesterday that when you have this, he is able to meet and to... Discuss that and planning the confluence."},{"start_time":1733924831620,"end_time":1733924925751,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Well, everybody probably already know this in this session. In the supply part, in the wave 2, there is not much to do, at least in the MRO and chemicals part. It's pretty much the standard solution. We don't have too much to add. It's more related to data. Whereas for drilling, there we will have to do plenty of weird stuff, I believe. And it's not as simple as saying this belongs to supply or to demand.\n\n But again, the decision, the design is pretty open. In fact, I created this type in process definition because for me, it's not that clear yet. Maybe even if it is clear in Rahul's and Arun's mind, maybe Hector as well, we need to put it somewhere. Like the content maybe there's a chance that the content is in Rahul's mind and Arun's mind, but we need to generate a deliverable with this information being in the form of the PPD.\n\n I'm not sure if we're going to put something about the tie-in process in the PPD or, of course, and then later too in the configuration. Arun is out today, but I mean, if we have concerns in some definitions in MRO and chemicals. I think for me, I don't know how the way you see it, Hector, is more concerning in drilling. Maybe I'm wrong."},{"start_time":1733924925751,"end_time":1733924927058,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I don't know."},{"start_time":1733924927058,"end_time":1733924932724,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"You say you're more concerned about tying that for drilling. No, no, no."},{"start_time":1733924932724,"end_time":1733925007561,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"When I say tying, I also mean drilling. But for example, we just received comments a few comments from vignesh yesterday or or on monday yeah I think we will have a more clear picture tomorrow but but having said that I don't know we haven't even submit the the vpd for drilling am I right for supply wave 2 in general yes so I know we we are all these problems and supply and inventory. And what you're saying, Rocio, is that we should be, of course, I understand, I'm not taking it on you.\n\n I'm saying in terms of the plan, we should be focusing, we should be closing the configuration part for wave one. We haven't finished the configuration. We haven't received this sign of the approval for the demand and inventory. We haven't submitted a BPD for Wave 2. And of course, we haven't even started the configuration for Wave 2. So it doesn't look good."},{"start_time":1733925007561,"end_time":1733925041333,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Let's free up the guys so they can start the configuration. And whatever comment and things related to augmentation, let's take it to the two of us. Because even if Saul and Arun start working at the end we will need to review either way um every comment every scene so so let's try to finish between us if that is not feasible then of course we can involve the team but you mean bbd? Bbd wave 2?"},{"start_time":1733925041333,"end_time":1733925087418,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"yeah I think that is already it's ready but whatever comment or tpmg is bothering us let's take it together yeah for sure Yes, and also last year regarding the other point that you were mentioning about how to divide the drilling part and the thing about that is related to Wave 1 with Wave 2, I think that is also crucial to have that division of how we are going to approach all of this because we don't have clarity on I mean, we have the theoretical that is right now, but I know that they are also changing that.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733925087418,"end_time":1733925102109,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"The tricky part is that drilling is not very easy to separate, to split between supply and demand and supply. It's pretty much the same. Because when you define the... I mean, it's very..."},{"start_time":1733925102109,"end_time":1733925165295,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Demand is mostly, sorry, drilling is mostly supply, demand is supply. A very, very tiny part. That's complicated, but it's not a lot on the process, let's say. Rocio, I'm trying to put this task on a meeting basis, so you see that daily meeting, confirmation meeting, and KPMG meeting, so we can structure where we need to take each topic. I think that's a That's the best that I can think of right now.\n\n So there we have the topics that we need to discuss with Rahul. Technical sessions, turnaround, assist, and configuration bottleneck, the hierarchies. Those topics we need to take it to the daily that we have with them, that for some reason they canceled today, but we need to discuss it because we need to prioritize. So here we should put whatever we want to prioritize and to push KPMG. So, we can start taking action on this.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733925165295,"end_time":1733925166101,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay. Okay."},{"start_time":1733925166101,"end_time":1733925177380,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"And so, perfect. And so, for the team to be working on, we already have the things. Yeah. Yeah. So, can you share with us the nomenclature, Rosalia?"},{"start_time":1733925177380,"end_time":1733925184229,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"So, we can close up because we lost it. I know that you already shared with us."},{"start_time":1733925184229,"end_time":1733925191009,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"No, no problem. Let me see one thing. To show him here."},{"start_time":1733925191009,"end_time":1733925192746,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No, it's not."},{"start_time":1733925192746,"end_time":1733925206061,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Okay, I will upload it here to – it is on methodology, but I will update it there too. Okay, any other concerns?"},{"start_time":1733925206061,"end_time":1733925217309,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Yes, let's see the points that we can close on the list, so just drop all with accumulating trash."},{"start_time":1733925217309,"end_time":1733925217967,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1733925217967,"end_time":1733925232463,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"And Saul, could you create a list with any data issue you find loading the data if something is missing? Okay, yeah."},{"start_time":1733925232463,"end_time":1733925326878,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Because we discussed one point yesterday, but I'm pretty sure that there are plenty more Do you have the email that Bastian sent, Saul, when Bastian was sending the templates? So in the first tab, you should have the list, right? So we can put comments on the same list, like the tracking points, you know, like historical demand, stock on hand, location source, I don't know. We have the complete list there.\n\n OK. So we have the naming convention. Just let's close that one. This DB is OK, so we can move it to the Ad-hoc It's at the right. Because we know that it's not completely closed until the route. And BP, BRD, BRD, we do it. Maybe that we can move it to the KPMG meetings. I don't think that we should discuss more that. On this meeting. And the other thing is, I don't know if we need to clean, data track handover.\n\n"},{"start_time":1733925326878,"end_time":1733925334659,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"We can just remove that one. Yeah, I know. It is what it is, right?"},{"start_time":1733925334659,"end_time":1733925353964,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"We didn't raise any points. I think that it wasn't worth it as well. So let's forget about data track. What is the prerogative size for extracting data? Is it related to the STD?"},{"start_time":1733925353964,"end_time":1733925361602,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Well, related? Yeah. I mean, it's the execution of the STD. Okay. But yes."},{"start_time":1733925361602,"end_time":1733925363239,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I don't know."},{"start_time":1733925363239,"end_time":1733925395364,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Okay. Sagar told me that when they approve the STD, they are going to proceed with the firewall rule. And the service user, I'm not sure. And the configuration on DSC, I'm not sure. But maybe I will put it, we can add a blog, a column of technical meeting, no? That we don't have."},{"start_time":1733925395364,"end_time":1733925397176,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Yeah, yeah. Okay."},{"start_time":1733925397176,"end_time":1733925415475,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Is someone from the team here? On that, because I never participate on that. I mean, SAGAR is participating. Last week on Thursday I joined it, just to be aware of this, but SAGAR is joining all the meetings, but anyone else?"},{"start_time":1733925415475,"end_time":1733925425234,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Okay, so after the STD we need to go with a DCA, that I guess that is another procedure the firewall and the..."},{"start_time":1733925425234,"end_time":1733925433421,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"The firewall, the service user. And the user that we need for the instruction."},{"start_time":1733925433421,"end_time":1733925446870,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"That shouldn't be complicated, I guess. Is the user on the S4 HANA side or is the IP user? Do you know, Sagan?"},{"start_time":1733925446870,"end_time":1733925461847,"speaker":{"name":"Sagar Vora"},"words":"S4 user. So this user on the communication user. Yeah, so we will create that. We need the help from Adnox side for S4 users."},{"start_time":1733925461847,"end_time":1733925466467,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"S4, 1ERP and S4 Boodles, both the users."},{"start_time":1733925466467,"end_time":1733925468199,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"Okay, all right."},{"start_time":1733925468199,"end_time":1733925470509,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"They are taking forever."},{"start_time":1733925470509,"end_time":1733925517189,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"And there is one big point that we need to discuss. With Ray, but I don't know, is Ray in a meeting right now? Yes, he's in meetings. But that is something that we should be doing to understand what is the impact of the configuration because we will need to do it. Just a question for everyone because I'm not completely If we need to change something on S4 HANA on the add-on, do we need to have ad-hoc permissions?\n\n I guess that's correct, right?"},{"start_time":1733925517189,"end_time":1733925520924,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I'm not sure. Yeah, it might be."},{"start_time":1733925520924,"end_time":1733925531063,"speaker":{"name":"Sagar Vora"},"words":"Ray has a BAP authorization that he can do, but I'm not sure how the access works in ad-hoc."},{"start_time":1733925532922,"end_time":1733925546918,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"So I see a big risk on that one. Maybe we need to escalate on that point because we need to do changes on the add-on."},{"start_time":1733925546918,"end_time":1733925567769,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"But I don't know how to say it. I think that maybe Sagar or Ray should send an email with that concern and explaining why. Oh, I can't hear you."},{"start_time":1733925567769,"end_time":1733925574671,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"I don't know if I'm..."},{"start_time":1733925574671,"end_time":1733925580192,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Can you hear Sagar?"},{"start_time":1733925580192,"end_time":1733925587094,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"No, I cannot hear Sagar."},{"start_time":1733925587094,"end_time":1733925588474,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"Okay."},{"start_time":1733925594662,"end_time":1733925610579,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, I'm just thinking this changes that we need to do on the alone and probably we need to, sorry, I think that is on your side, Rocio. Like a lot of noise. From my side, noise?"},{"start_time":1733925610579,"end_time":1733925611440,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Ah, sorry."},{"start_time":1733925611440,"end_time":1733925612300,"speaker":{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},"words":"Yeah, yeah."},{"start_time":1733925612300,"end_time":1733925638767,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"No, no, I'm thinking that there is a lot of like paperwork, approval, saying a lot of that if we want to do something is on the other one. So that can be a risk. We need to understand the procedures. If it is going to be like the STD part, maybe that is a huge risk on the integration side."},{"start_time":1733925638767,"end_time":1733925659082,"speaker":{"name":"Sagar Vora"},"words":"Yes, I will. I will try to check with them tomorrow and if I don't get a clear answer then we can I'm just thinking on this because of the STDs so that they are very bureaucratic so I'm feeling that maybe for the"},{"start_time":1733925659082,"end_time":1733925685986,"speaker":{"name":"Hector Palacios"},"words":"alone we will face the same so this is going to be complicated if we face the same and I have the feeling that okay okay team I have to jump to the huddle but I think that's that's all yeah"},{"start_time":1733925685986,"end_time":1733925706269,"speaker":{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},"words":"yeah I think that we were the most important points thank you team thank you yes I put the uh okay Thank you."},{"start_time":1733925706269,"end_time":1733925714510,"speaker":{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},"words":"Bye. Thank you."}],"speakers":[{"name":"Bastian Osorio"},{"name":"UNKNOWN_SPEAKER"},{"name":"Sagar Vora"},{"name":"Rocio Minguillon"},{"name":"Saul Portillo"},{"name":"Hector Palacios"}]}